Long wait for grilled chicken sandwich, the  meat was half the size of the bun. Very disappointed. Foreign workers are serving, and they don't look too happy. I would rather eat beef burger...
I was eagerly anticipating enjoying my favorite fries at home, but the reality was a huge disappointment. The fries were tiny and seemed like they were leftovers in tow of the three boxes we ordered.
Worse place I've ever ate from absolutely Grose and smallest portions I've ever seen for the price the nuggets are B.S size of popcorn chicken kfc is way better and cheaper than this $hit show 😂😂
Someone from the team was rude against me as I was the delivery guy waiting for three food to pick up . I asked him if he could get the food ready a bit early as I have already crossed my pickup time for DoorDash and he was rude against me saying cancel your order or to wait . That was not I was expecting . He’s a team lead and he’s in evening time when I went
This company supports American Evangelicals who have gone to Uganda to shape anti-LGBTQ+ laws, such as helping to pass the death penalty for queers.
I went to today (Saturday) around 1pm. So many people lineup at drive-through. We are waited over 15 minutes but not moving a lot. So, we give up. Line was almost around movie theater when we started lineup.
Not good compared to US locations.  Bathrooms dirty, staff going through the motions; don't check on you to make sure everything is alright, get you refills, and smaller chicken sandwiches.  Might as well go to BK or AnW for same level of food and service.  Want the real Chick-fil-A, go to US location for the true experience - better chicken and better service.
Quick service, tidy interior, but the food was rather sad. My regular chicken deluxe burger only had a chicken that fit 50% of the burger, the rest I was just chomping through cheese, bread and lettuce. For Chic-fil-A prices, leaves me feeling quite ripped off.
Chicken is bland, drive thru is slow, the whole experience was meh…
Okay, I need to preface this with the fact the person who served me in drive thru was very patient and sweet great service. My one star review is for the owner and chik fil a cooperation. When you go through drive thru instead of driving up to a speaker there is like 4-5 people walking around with tablets taking orders this was EXTREMELY UNCOMFORTABLE to watch it just seems dangerous, it was pouring rain and cold I felt so horrible for those poor staff honestly I lost my appetite just watching them in that situation I don’t understand why they would do this it just cruel and not suitable for Canada. Honestly won’t be returning as that was just so painful to watch I am disgusted by it, Id rather wait a little longer then watch multiple people looking like they are in hell to get my food
Just ordered 3 sandwiches and a 12 piece nugget. With this order I asked for extra Chic fil a Sauce as that is the best part! Come to find out I have been given one packet for all of my food. Ran out after my fries from one of my combos were eaten. But hey I got a “surprise drink” because I had to wait 10 minutes in the parking lot for the food. I don’t care about a surprise drink. I want my sauce!
I ordered in drive thru, the person who took my order was using the iPad when I pulled up. She took my order but didn’t ask for my name, which I wasn’t aware is something that is necessary for ordering. I also paid after right there on the spot. When I went ahead to grab my food no one knew which order I had and kept harassing me for my name even though I told him multiple times that she never took my name down. After I explained my order and got a bag I still had to ask for my two extra sauces which I paid for. Got home to realize that they had given me unsweetened tea when I ordered the regular sweetened so most likely the person taking my order just didn’t bother to ask my preference, just like she didn’t ask for my name. This tea is disgusting, I dumped all of it..I wanted the sweetened one that’s why I ordered it…? The burger was cold, the bun was soggy, the chicken breast on the sandwich was old cold and hard. This place was soooo good when it opened, now it’s an actual disaster. Do I have to open everything up and take a sip from my drink to make sure you guys get my order right next time? Because that is absolutely NOT what should be happening what a disappointment genuinely.
Restrooms disgusting. No one checked on how our food was. Staff looks like they are just putting in time.  Much different vibe than US locations where they check on things and get you refills.
Ordered a frosted coffee, paid for it and received my receipt. As they were preparing it I go to use the washroom. When I return they tell me my payment didn't go through. I take their word for it and use my debit card to pay for the frosted coffee a second time, it goes through again. When I return home later that night I open up my td app and see I made two separate $6 payments for the single frosted coffee I ordered without receiving a refund for.the first one. I am mainly frustrated on grounds of principle. I got charged for something I did not receive and it's more frustrating when it's for a drink that's pretty expensive.
"For the second time my meal is missing items.
I just received my order and it was missing fries.
Last time i ordered five meals same as this time and the drink was so bad like i am drinks water.
Its really i am so disappointed"
First of all the woman working there’s customer service was awful while ordering my food she tried to finish off the order and I didn’t even get to order my food. Then well paying she said “sorry it didn’t go through because the receipt didn’t print” but I checked my bank statements and it went through so she said “pay again, the money will come back in to days”. 2 days later money still wasn’t in my account so I called them and asked to speak to the manager and the person on the phone apparently was the manager so I told him about what happened and he said “oh you have to wait a week” like way can no one get there answers straight so I said no we are coming in and getting my money back and he stopped and stuttered and said oh okay yeah. Not even 10 minutes later we walk in and asked to speak to the manager and the girl there stopped for a moment and said yeah I’m the manager so everyone there’s a manager? She made it such a hassle telling us this is wrong blah blah blah but she’s the one that had it wrong.
I order for take out I waht there for more then 20 minutes they serve alot off people after me I ask for my order she check and my order was on side for 20 minutes she changed the frise because was cold and she didn't changed the sandwich
Imagine when I opened my bag for my nuggets and my Chic F'lay sauce wasn't in there. Even though I asked for it. I opened my bag to disappointment 😞
First and last time !!! , I ordered 12 chicken nuggets.  Big surprise when I see the size of the nuggets.. the size of a pop corn.. 12 very small pieces of breaded chicken!!!  nothing to do with the photo... I thought they were a normal size for nuggets... very disappointing! Don’t waste your money!
Would go here whenever we visited our son at Laurier…was great when we first went a couple years ago. But recently in the past year or so… food is very dry. Horrible.  After giving 3 more chances, never again.
The size of the chicken and bun is getting smaller each day. It's not the same chick fila a year ago from now. Before the size is 3 times bigger. Such a disappointment. Corporate office should take this into consideration. We obviously deserve better for the price we are paying 😤
Food was bad, not worth the hype or price. Buns were squished, pickles were almost non-existent and the chicken breading was soggy and the chicken dry. When they put those hot sandwiches in their foil lined package it just continues steam cool and ruins any benefits from frying. The fries were pretty good although not crispy either. Best thing I tasted was the sauces. Also the hot chicken sandwich is really mild almost unnoticeable level of spice. Only good thing I can say was they seemed pretty organized to handle the crowd probably due to almost all female staff. Popeyes chicken sandwiches are 10x better.
"What terrible service I was doing an order of 5 people
I specifically asked for 4 Polynesian sauce and 6 chick fil a sauce which they heard correctly because on the receipt it also lists 4 Polynesian sauce and 6 chick fil a sauce.

However obviously the staff did not care or did not bother because I only got 2 Polynesian sauce and 3 chick fil a sauce. They saw the order and purposefully gave me less sauce. Will not be coming here again, absolute disgrace compared to the service at U.S locations"
"Edit - I've visited 6 or 7 times, my bill is always right at $100 for my family of 9.  Two visits ago they shorted me a fry for my kids.  I informed them last visit and they were to provide an extra.  They forgot.  I informed them of this yesterday when we visited and they refused to give me a fry.  I've spent $700 easily since they opened and won't provide a fry I paid for that they shorted me?  Will NOT return.

Waited 73 minutes in line and was not disappointed. Treated our family of 9 to a delicious meal.  The organization, friendliness and professionalism was next level. McDonalds and every other fast food joint should model processes to Chick Fil A - from the time I ordered the food to the time I picked it up was probably 3-4 minutes.  They must have served 10,000 people today and to get food that quick, never happens at any other joint in town, and it was 100% accurate. Got to chat with some US staff that came up to train, can't say enough good things about their food, service and overall experience.  Welcome to KW!"
"First visit and only because my grandson wanted to go.  We were there 15 minutes after they opened.  Chicken burger was OK, but nothing special.  The lettuce was black (rotting) around the edges, so I took it out of the sandwich.  No condiments other than a slice of pickle and tomato.  The fries were nice (waffle fries).  The ""special dipping sauce"" is a honey/mustard sauce which is way too sweet, but will appeal to kids.

I ordered coffee, and was given a cup of lukewarm coffee, which it turned out was  from the previous day.  The staff had not yet made fresh coffee.

I won't go back. I'd give 0 stars if I could."
My dad was met with horrible service today at their drive thru. He ordered his food before anyone else and was the last one to receive it. After 30 minutes of ordering he was told that his order was taking long because of the chicken strips. Chicken strips don’t take that long to make. They tried to rectify the situation by offering free desserts as if they have good desserts. Treat your customers fairly and learn to inform people. This is so unacceptable, especially for a franchise like chick-fil-a.
Doesn't worth the hype. Very mediocre taste. we tried deluxe spicy and non spicy chicken meals. waffle fries are also very mediocre. In my opinion, A&W have much better chicken sandwiches taste.
The drive thru was a complete mess today. There was the people correctly lined up and other just cutting the line and disrupting traffic with no staff having cars line up in the correct spot. There were 7 cars that got ahead of us while we waited in the correct line. Staff needs to be out there redirecting traffic. Service has also slowed down significantly since this location opened.
"I honestly don’t get it.   Wait an eternity in a drive thru, spend a fortune and for what?  A chicken sandwich and waffle fries you can buy from the grocery store.
Don’t waste your time or money."
Honestly went in with high expectations but ended  up with one of the worst sandwich’s I’ve ever had. This was my first time trying chick-fil-a and believing the hype I was anticipating some amazing chicken sandwich’s. I had ordered the classic sandwich and a deluxe sandwich with waffle fries. Both sandwich buns were soggy and oily. The classic sandwich was literally two pieces of bread with a chicken tender stuffed in the middle, and two single slices of pickle as if their was a shortage on pickles. The chicken itself was crispy but dry.The waffle fries were the only decent thing if you dunked them in the chick-fil-a sauce.For the price your paying a junior chicken from McDonald’s would be a better choice then what I had got from this establishment . Would not recommend the wait time for these sandwich’s
I have tried chick-fil-A in USA many times. On Aug 19, 2021 it was first time in Canada I tried Chick-fil-A at Kitchener restaurant . The experience was amazing. But today when we ordered our food on Sep 4, 2021 , the quality was compromised. We ordered Chicken soup noodle which hardly had any chicken.I specially ordered the soup as I loved it last time. My husband ordered spicy chicken delux, the chicken size was smaller than last time. If you really want to be in business you really needs to keep up consistency in your food. Despite of waiting in long queue its worth if you are truely satisfied with food. But today I am not satisfied. I am hesitent to come to the restaurant again .
"Ordered a chick filet sandwich with chick fil a sauce. They neglected to add the sauce in the order so just got a plain piece of chicken with pickles and a soggy bun. Manager did nothing to rectify the situation after the fact, so I would strongly advise against going here. Overpriced for a piece of chicken and not much else.
Terrible customer service."
I have been coming here since about the time they opened. On my visit Saturday, August 5 and they said we were limited to 2 sauces per combo. This has NEVER been the case because they are known for no limit on sauces. Sad to see this happening in Canada, whereas USA this is not the case.
0 stars such a hyped place. Nothing in there not even regular fries. very limited menu. Not sure why people gave 4.4 stars, I guess people forgot good food or just want something thats better than KFC.
"Very overrated.  Why is there NO SAUCE on most of the chicken sandwiches?   The breaded chicken was also so salty.
Waffle fries are thin and lacking.  No option for regular fries.
My first time and last time at Chick-fil-A."
Not worth the giant wait in line. Put chicken pieces on your menu. My burger and fries wasn't that great we already have KFC, Popeyes and Mary Browns. I just didn't find it competes with what we already have. I don't expect Chickfila to be here too long
FORGOT MY FREAKING SAUCE BRO. -20000 AURA 😡😡😡😡😡
Long line up, portions are really really  small.. Paid $46 for 2 meals & a smoothie.  Not worth the price at all. Food was undercooked, Had to wait another 20min for another burger.
Disgusting customer service …. Paying money for expensive food at least customer service should be good…. Shakes are much better at Harvey’s…I don’t burger too tasty it might be bcoz customer service spoil my mood before…. Very bad experience…. My advise please don’t go….,
ATTENTION CHICK-FIL-A USA/MANAGEMENT: This location has TERRIBLE customer service. They give you random sauces that you didn't ask for + less sauce than the meals require, then if you say something about it, they're rude and dismissive. I was told the sauce is free so it doesn't matter.
Food was tasteless and came to me almost cold. The service is super friendly. But I base my reviews more on food quality and less on service
"Disgusted with the management and how they treat people.

Food isn't great either
A chicken sandwich is just a sad looking bun with 2 pickles priced why too high.

Best bet go somewhere else"
First time phenomenal, now its stale old chicken and undercook fries.. I am not spending my money here for soggy items.. I mention the burger is warm and they say its been waiting for you all this time... I requesting dine in. what's the problem..
This meal is $16.64, unbelievable! Never go back again.
Treat your staff better. The people outside are also part of the staff you know. Jan 14 you had them outside on -25 degree weather with an extreme cold warning, this isn't Florida get them proper gear those girls were freezing outside and start using the screens
I really don't understand the hype? I paid almost $8 for a mediocre sandwich the size of a mcdouble. I legit feel ripped off. For $8 you need to make the sandwich at LEAST 30% bigger. Never again.
I'm not sure who orders a burger and has to put their own sauce on, but that's the latest experience. The excuse of covid is irrelevant because you are packing my burger. This is a game change for me and I'll make sure not to visit.
My husband and my daughter ate here yesterday and later last night they got really bad food poisoning. My daughter is only 1 1/2 years old it's so sad watching her go through this My husband has been vomiting constantly and is not feeling any better today. I will never go back to this place I'm extremely disappointed.
For any food delivery drivers don't take these guys order, poor service, these guys racist and they discriminate a transgender person
Worst fast food place on earth. Staff is not helpful or knowledgeable about anything related to common sense. Took me 30 minutes to get a chicken sandwich. Never again.
I waited 35 minutes for my order in the drive thru; then realizing everyone behind me had received their order I went up to the pickup window. I asked the lady at the pickup window if my order was ready and she told me they had skipped my order. Here I was waiting for an order that was never going to be brought out to me.
My pregnant wife was craving waffle fries today. Can you imagine how angry she was at me for bringing her this abomination? And it was my fault too???? Did not need this added stress to my life tonight.
Management really gave me a hard time about getting sauces and told me to buy some also she said that she gave me six when she only gave me three like I don't know I didn't know Chick-fil-A god so fcukin cheap
Worst customer service ever, unless you want to wait in a drive thru pickup and have your order delivered to you one item at a time, I would suggest going elsewhere
"This was the first and last time I will ever spend money at this place, doesn’t rate as a restaurant.
If you can’t believe it my family would rather go to McDonald’s.
Don’t waste your money."
This is a hard NOPE.   Soggy chicken, soggy plain bun  and 2 pickles.  I'll take popeyes tyvm.
"Worst Service!
Refused to replace freaking salty waffles, they think I don’t know how Chick fila waffles tastes like."
Uses PEANUT oil. Would be nice if they put that information at their cash and on their windows for all those people to see so they know if they have a peanut allergy that they can't eat this food. All those people lined up and they don't have a clue.
Over hyped, over priced food. Slowest service, Employees just scrambling. Will never be back
Slow, slow service. First in line at 10am. Parked off the the side still and its now 1027. For 4 chicken burgers. I've watched atleast 10 cars behind me get there food.
The food tasted bad, the sandwich was very small compared to the picture, the combo meal size won't fill you, too much ice in my drink
This place is gross.........why the hype?  Better food on an airplane.  Hell even a hotdog at a Jays game is better quality than this tasteless slop!
Food was finr, there's not alot of menu options. I had to try it to say I did but I can't support chic-fil-a
The Cathy family who own the Chick-fil-A chain are religious bigots. Chick-fil-A  is garbage.
I tried Chick fil A to see what the hype was about. The food quality is as bad as Mc Donald's!
Food is good but they need people in the parking lot monitoring the lineups. People but in front of vehicles and cause fights just for chicken!
"Worst experience ever, the staff was very rude .
Suman the supervisor . Was extremely rude"
Cashier Ashi was so disrespectful and had so much attitude.
They need to have some good staff. Unnecessary interrupting when I'm already talking to other staff that they don't this or that
I've gone a few times, each time wrong food was received and missing items. Not worth the wait.
fries are good but i asked for sun joy and i got lemonade
Online order..5 waffle fries...only got 4
You need a code from your receipt to use the bathroom
Drive thru a mess!! Food not so great. Go to Harvey's or Wendy's.
"$27 for 2 chicken sandwiches not a meal
A joke of a price for food"
Service was quick  sandwich was no better than Wendy's
Gross. Greasy sandwich no sauce just a greasey chunk of chicken a pickel slice and a hamburger bun
Nothing to go crazy over for, spent over $40 for some sad looking sandwiches.
Didn’t honour the rangers game give away
Overrated. Overpriced. Not much better then Wendy's. And what are those... Chicken nuggets for ants 😶
"Idk y I keep coming back, overrated and overpriced
Food"
I ordered chicken stripes, I am disappointed with the taste.
Whats all the hype about? It's a fast food chicken sandwich and it's not that good.
"Fast food restaurant is closed on Sunday??
Are we still living in the 1800s ?"
The chicken isn't wroth time it takes. Chicken is way better other chicken places
Bought a spicy chicken burger and found a hair in the chicken breading... disgusting.
Gross never again
The worst food I had in long time
Food is never fresh quality has gone down.
Didn't give me a drinks lemonade.three.
Not worth the drive if you live out of town.
Other fast-food restaurant are better in terms of food.
If you choose this place over the Colonel you’re twisted.
They messed up my order really bad
Very bad and rude service
Staff made mistake all time
They added extra items to my order
I hate this place
Night mare service
Dont know what the hype is about
Slow
Eh
Food sucked
Overrated
Tasteless and overpriced

ChikfolA

overrated mushy basic chicken. Mcdonald’s is honestly better. Not sure why people go crazy over this place. literally got a piece of chicken on bread with two pickles. no sauce or anything, is this a joke? Thought wendy’s was bad, these guys fill your WHOLE cup with ice so you get about two or three sips before it’s just ice.  pathetic this place is still around has such good reviews. No one has standards anymore.
"Having Chick-fil-A being a staple of part of a US travels, this first adventure to a local Chick-fil-A left a lot to be desired. It's a very different experience then you would receive in the US where they have somebody taking your order physically even though they have the speaker systems, they also we're unable to handle the flow with no cars in line, where in the US they have to good coming out like a well-oiled machine. I'm just glad I wasn't in the lineup that formed behind us, or we would be waiting an additional 25 minutes on the 15 that we had to wait. So as we were directed off to park and wait for our food, when I arrive 10 minutes later wasn't even our food. When they gave us the cracked food they didn't give us anything to drink or drinks with, so we had to wait an additional 5 minutes for straws to be brought out.

It makes me sad because Chick-fil-A being my favorite, I won't be visiting this one again.

The only positive thing out of this adventure, what's my spicy chicken strips (gosh darn those are good) the waffle fries were undercooked and kind of soggy to be honest."
Have been here a few times. It’s 50/50 on whether your chicken sandwich contains an actual chicken sandwich sized piece chicken, or if you get a single chicken tender on your sandwich 😂. Happens about every other visit, very odd.
"Drive through.   Awesome service.  Quick.  Friendly.

But, imo the food is terrible. Small portions. Too expensive. Dry (overcooked) 10 piece nugs and just an original Sammy.

$20. Not worth it."
Had spicy chicken sandwich and had terrible feelings in the stomach.  Their quality going down. It's just a brand that is saving them in Canada
I liked the concept of the staff bringing the menues to the customers waiting in line. Definitely sped up the service. The spicy chicken burger was a bit spicy although I did add more spice. I could barely understand the muffled staff with their terrible English. The chicken was mushy...should have been cooked longer. The milkshakes were just okay...very little flavour & very small for the price. I will try the London location when it opens up in the new year. Hopefully it will be better.
"Popeyes is safe if this is their competition.. Chicken sandwich is tiny and dry.

Service is good."
Have always been a loyal customer but today the new staff today got my order wrong, and i realized that right after i got home! Should pay attention if you serve your customers right.
We waited in line for several minutes when there was only one other car in line and the reasoning being was because the man working cash was too busy talking to his whoever was in the car in front of us. When we finally received our food we opened the bag to find missing food items, which is very frustrating given it was a small order with nearly no customers around for there to be any confusion or mix up.
Really disappointed with Chick-fil-A today. I was picking up my daughter from the airport and she wanted Chick-fil-A as a treat home so I thought mobile order would make it easier. Not only did it take almost 15 minutes to get my order once I got there, they forgot two of my sauces. I ordered waffle fries and grilled nuggets and only got my sauce for the nuggets and didn't notice until I got to the airport. Service was very slow, food was ok minus the forgotten condiments.
Nothing special about this place! Lots of hype but disappointing meal. First time going. Asked for nuggets and expected them to be breaded. However they were grilled in some sort of sauce that was gross. Wanted regular chicken tenders but all they had was spicy and they weren't super...ok...son hated them. My wife's sandwich was all right but nothing great. The best parts were their lemonade and ice tea drinks. Will only order again if they have regular tenders and ask the nuggets to be breaded.
I was disappointed. I've visited a lot of chic fil a's in the US and this one wasn't the greatest. Chicken was really greasy and had too much spice rub on it. The waffle fries tasted really bland. It wasn't as good as the ones I've been to in the past.
Food was barely warm. Service was dismissive and disinterested.
Plow your sidewalk this is yours to manage. Luckily my husband was with and could push us through the snow.
"Not for me.
Grilled chicken was soggy and too over seasoned.. fries weren't fully cooked, Ketchup tasted old..
Super busy, line was out the door whole time we were there. Definitely not a relaxed environment and caotic.
Staff seemed rushed but did a pretty good job keeping areas clean.
First time there but likely won't be returning."
Ordered meals for 5 of us via mobile app for carry out. When I got the order, 3 of the 5 drinks were missing. Pointed that out and got the missing drinks. When I got home I realized that they also had forgot my spicy chicken sandwich. I wasn't going to drive the 15 minutes to go back and get the order fixed again. Really disappointing experience. The food is good, but don't trust the staff to get your order right. Wrong make that mistake again.
Don't get the draw here. Maybe because it's a novelty?? The nuggets are RIDICULOUS so tiny?! What's with that! It's not cheap either! I just don't get it. I had a chicken sandwich and it was fine. Nothing special! Same as any other fast food restaurant. I think once the novelty wears off this place is not going to do great. Who knows. Service was good though. But just Meh in general in my opinion!
Got food poisoning from the GRILLED chicken deluxe sandwich, not worth ordering for $10. Also ordering carry out online is a waste! Waited 15 minutes for my order after placing it 15 minutes prior, staff was nice tho. This is an overpriced Wendys, shakes are nothing better than you can make at home👎🏻
Went tonight for the first time with the family and while the chicken sandwich was pretty good I found it to be very over hyped and over priced. We got the kids 12 piece nuggets and laughed when I saw the size of them. They forgot to give us sauce that they spent a couple minutes talking up. Customer service was friendly but I think there’s much better options that you don’t have to wait in line so long for.
Not busy. Quick service. One order was hot, the clubhouse grill, was barely lukewarm,definitely not proper temp for chicken that’s sitting around waiting for a bun. My stomach may be complaining soon….. 740 pm on a wed. Was in a rush to get to movie, so didn’t complain
"I can't believe how badly Chick-fil-A has screwed up a simple drive through service. It is inefficient and unnecessarily complicated.

There is a large menu board at the front of the car line that I would have liked for our family to read to take 30 seconds for us to make our decisions before being ready to order. Instead someone stands at my door way before the menu board and asks what we want. I don't know yet! Then they hand us a small menu card to pass around the car to read. Stupid. Annoying. We only ordered one sandwich and one nuggets combo. We were told to pull up to a parking spot to wait for our order. We waited 10 minutes for a small order.

Food was good but nothing amazing. Don't think I will go back. Too annoying and slow."
"Sorry for my actions had axiety later had to calm down my girlfriend was with me during.
aswell just wasn't professional speak so quickly aswell my said 2 number 1s  ended up with one aswell price was off when doing a dinner date with your love one 17.23 should be roughly alot more then this. Then this where I mess up because my girlfriend got a coffee and just cutting someone just trying get my girlfriend meal. Not big fan of going out much as walk into it every time that I gotta figure out within myself."
Was amazing! when it first opened, but on last visit the chicken nuggets were overcooked and lukewarm..waffle fries were undercooked and floppy.  My fav from the states, probably another failed attempt at entering Canada..
Its alright, not sure what all the hype is about. I have never been to a chik-fil-a and ordered the regular sandwich but no pickles (who puts pickles on a chicken sandwich) and its just chicken and bun. No mayo no lettuce no tomato...kinda weird. Chicken was tender and tasty and waffle fries are ok but I was definitley not blown away, im in no rush to eat there again.
Very weird place - they seem overstaffed (there's like 10 people running around), but no one actually pays that much attention to the customers. The burgers are not amazing but chicken strips are pretty good.
Our first time having chick fill a, food was great. However our order was incomplete, ordered 4 waffle fries, a coffee with milk and Buffalo sauce. Didn’t get any fries, Buffalo sauce and coffee with milk. The order was checked at 3 different points and still was not correct. Too chaotic in the drive thru.
Less than desirable service each of the 3x I have made the mistake of attempting to eat at this place. No order in which they process the drive thru, it's a random selection at best. Watched 3 cars in the other lane proceed thru and order while I sat and waited at the speaker to place mine.  And now after ordering the regular sandwich combo, it is a total lunch bag letdown. Extra pickles consisted of 3 small pickles and the chicken fillet was probably the skinniest smallest fillet I've had from a chicken joint. Disappointed overall. Sorry Chick-fil-a you've got nothing on Mary Browns. I'd rather drive 11 minutes more for better service and better food.
Went through the drive thru today to get lunch for the family. Everything was great EXCEPT they forgot my daughters grilled chicken nuggets. It was disappointing considering they confirmed my order with me at least two times. This also meant that we were short one lunch when I got home, and my daughter was super sad to not get her order. I know they are new and still working out the kinks but you can't learn without getting the feedback.
"Didn't live up to the hype what-so-ever. Spicy chicken sandwich was okay, the chick-fil-a sauce was the best part.

Chicken strips were tasty and cook well but very small.

Won't be back would rather get Popeye's."
Most disorganized frive thru I have ever seen. I wait 15 minutes for food and then cannot leave because people in front still haven't gotten their food. The only place I have ever seen not use a First In First Out drive thru system. Machines are not even setup there is a person standing instead, but they made sure that their pay pads work so you pay right away and are then held hostage in the drive thru as you wait and wait and wait.  Chick fil A in America is really good, it's the launch of this specific restaurant that is an absolute disaster.
We always seem to miss one item, or have it made wrong. Today the cashier argued with me that I didn't order a deluxe when I was given a chicken  sandwich with nothing but a pickle on it. I'm ok with mistakes being made, but to be told I didn't order a deluxe when I ordered a deluxe is rude. Please next time just apologize and fix it. Dont tell me what I asked for.
"Spicy Chicken at Wendy’s is way better. Kids didn’t even like it.  What’s with the chicken nuggets being the size of my thumbnail ??
Save your money, and save your time. Lots of other fast food locations, that serve chicken, that are better.

First and last time.  I will be under within 2 yrs. just like Carl’s Jr was in Waterloo."
Personally I don't think the chicken is that great, I had the chicken sandwich, and nuggets and waffle fries. The sandwich tasted pretty plane no flavour, the Nuggets were like your corner store nuggets and waffle fries were great! They have amazing service and great staff! But the product itself is nothing special
First time having Chick Fil A, way overhyped.
The chicken was fine, really nothing exciting about it. The chicken sandwich bun seemed like it had been microwaved from frozen; moist (almost slimy), warm, and thick and doughy. Overall pretty disappointing.
Service and the place was neat and clean. But my breaded chicken and chicken strips were overcooked. First time at this location.
"It's okay - they rely on the hype and the only flavour in the burgers is from the spicy seasoning.

Been twice, both times had the scoots. It's like Taco Bell, but with chicken."
I was the most comfortable I have ever been on my couch watching Netflix shows while contemplating a good chicka burger.. I drove all the way here.. longest 5 minute drive of my life because google said it was open. Behold on arriving I find out that it is closed. Not only is it closed but it’s under construction! Why would someone post hours and open when you are indeed more closed than Area 51 on “storm Area 51 day”. I thought for one final time I could give 2020 a final chance and end it with a good chicken burger with waffle fries and a chocolate milkshake and only 2 of your sauces since you can’t hand out more than that. See you in 2021
Had the spicy chicken sandwich and the waffle fries and it is one of the most saltiest things I’ve ever had. The amount of water I had to drink afterwards is just crazy. Not sure what all the hype is amount when the food is not great
"Its an over-hyped place. Found nothing special in their burgers. A normal burger joint makes good burgers/sandwiches than this place.
And, I hated how they made their employees standing outside in brutal cold weather. Its so inhumane. I don't recommend this place."
Ordering online for pickup led to a disappointing and discouraging experience.  The process for pickup is overly complex and less efficient than just going in and ordering.  Top it off with an order person running around with my food for five minutes, calling for Dony, when my name is Duane!  Not doing that again!
Went here for a quick dinner on our way home from Toronto, the system went down so they told everyone to try and order online. That was also down, noone got their orders
The food is not for me. It's a pretty basic chicken burger and the fries were tasteless and undercooked.
Each time I pick my order up, they review my order verbally to confirm, but have forgotten to package something every time; sucks to pay decent money to get a partial order
Food was not that great. Too salty. Too soggy. Not alot of variety on the menu but not this stores fault. Disappointed as there was such a huge turnout
Not everything it's hyped up to be. Wendy's spicy chicken burgers are better imo. Ice tea was just sugar water
Chick-fil-A in the US tastes much better than these ones opening up in Canada. Not as juicy or flavourful
Please have people working there that don't cover their face with a mask! Hard to understand and it looks rude!
Heard people raving about this place and it's chicken sandwich. At least half a dozen other fast food places in the area have a better chicken sandwich.
Been slacking recently. My previous order they forgot our sauces and this order they forgot a whole kids meal?
Mediocre chicken burger, definitely not worth the 40 minute wait for 1 regular sandwich and waffle fries. 4pm on a Monday night.
Food was ok, chicken was a bit small and no toys for the kids meal. $45 is a lot to pay for two adults and two children for small chicken and no toys
"Portions are far to small for the price you are charged
Portion size does not equal price charged"
Food was good, wasted over half of my 30 minute lunch break waiting for 4 chicken strips though.
The worst chicken sandwich I've ever had. I won't go back.
Restaurant seating not available so we had to eat in a cold car a d then they messed up our order.
Way overhyped sadly. Was a mere 5/10
Meh... It's was a small step up from McDonald's... and with the controversies behind the chain in the states I won't be back.
Not very healthy,  everything i non environmental safe,  lots of garbage....
Never coming back here. Popeyes is better.
"Excellent service and efficiency!
Unfortunately, the chicken isn't that impressive."
Disgusting slimmy chicken ,gave it to my dog only thing good was the peach milkshake
The way everyone went on about it i thought it would be like the 2nd coming. Absolutely Dot Cotton.
Nothing Special
Talk about expensive and way too much ice in ur drink.
Just another chicken company nothing exciting
Super salty chicken!!!
Not what they break it out to be disappointed
Hyped up too much, expensive, mediocre quality
Nothing special but very pricey.
The chicken nuggets weren't that great.
Check your order before you leave
Overpriced but poor quantity
Overpriced and over hyped
Slow service.
Overrated

Way expensive
OVERRATED!

Paid over 15 dollars for a 4 piece chicken strip meal. The chicken strips were tiny, almost like the size of a nugget at Popeyes which is funny. The medium milkshake I got would be the size of a small in any other restaurant. My stomach left empty and so did my wallet.
"I feel the food is a bit over rated. It was ok. The service was smart for how busy it was
To have people in line take orders and pay at cash was smart. We always had people walk by our table asking if we needed anything"
"So finally I made it to eat at the famous Chick-fil-A and the only thing I liked about this place was the chicken and branded sauce. It was damn good however the taste of the chicken doesn’t out weigh the price, the set up and the process of ordering food.
I don’t like how you stand in this long line up beside peoples tables who are dining in, to get to the front of line to meet an order taker cause that’s what they are here folks, there’s no suggestive selling or helpful hints to save a buck and nothing made this a memorable experience expect the fact I forgot a sandwich for someone and ended up going without cause I didn’t want to go through that whole rigger are am again or spend another 15$!"
They usually do a good job but this time they give me pickle and tomato after expressly said no to both. And they gave me spicy chicken when I ordered a #2 which is NOT spicy chicken. Doesn’t help that she didn’t read back the order to me.
Friendly, fast service, well seasoned, but not quiet up to the hype. The quality is there to procure but the lack of emphasis of flavour is lacking. The sauce is limited, fries ratio to container is interesting based on presentation and the choice of sides is good when it comes to a fast good franchise. I recommend if you're nearby for a fried chicken sandwich craving but for worth the travel go to Penny's fried chicken in Waterloo.
The food seems like decent quality for fast food but it's flavorless because they don't put any sauce or enough spices on their burgers. It costs the same as a sit-down restaurant because of the hype but it's not worth it. They have the best lemonade ive ever had so I only go for the lemonade now. Customer service and atmosphere is pretty normal, I've never had issues there besides having the inconvenience of stopping for sauces on the way home.
The food was really mediocre.  I thought it was going to be really good just because of how people talk about it but it was really nothing special.  I’d rather go to Popeyes.  The fried chicken sandwich wasn’t that crispy, the patty wasn’t that big.  The grilled chicken sandwich was fine.  The fries were also okay, the only thing that stood out to me was the cookie, the only thing I’d get again.
The chicken ordered was too salty. I would not recommend it. Good ambience, Awesome customer service though, thank you Team
I felt respected. I felt an air of quality control. The service is the best I have ever seen in a fast food chain. I held back on food rating only because I didn't choose correctly, it being my first time there. I would have menu's where people can see them while they are in the filed line. I ordered the wrong thing because I couldn't really see and read the menu until it was my turn, then felt rushed. Next time I will study the menu beforehand.
Always fresh and pretty speedy in Drive thru. The reason why I'm giving 3 stars is because I ordered a diet coke, and upon tasting it I asked if it was really diet - the worker assured me it was diet & I said alright, thanks. I am a type 1 diabetic and now am sitting in the emergency department with diabetic ketoacidosis. It was not diet. I should have asked for a new one instead of accepting their answer.
My husband had the spicy chicken sandwich and thought it was very good. I had the grilled chicken club. The bun was very dry and fell apart in chunks. I had to eat the chicken with a fork. The bacon is an odd flavor. Definitely would not order this again. Waffle fries were very tasty but a bit under done. Staff are fabulous.
"3nd time here and still CAN NOT give this place a 5 STAR Rating 😔
(My 2nd time ordering because 1st time they ran out of items: grilled chicken and I had to go back the week afterwards for my discounted grilled chicken meal.)

As you can see the menu, which was given to me tonight, (see all 5 pictures I posted) does not even have the correct prices! Why offer me something with all the wrong prices and no list of sauce choices! ***You need to know when you order what sauces you would like!

They do NOT have Gluten Free Buns and can't lettuce wrap your sandwich with more than a leaf of lettuce and charge you extra for extra lettuce. WHERE was this extra lettuce, may I ask?!

Be forewarned, if you order a lemonade, it will come half filled with ice! And then, you will be charged an extra 50 cent on your meal combo for this half lemonaid filled cup! Once home, ice diluted my drink.

As you can see I was not informed of such upcharges on my order tonight.

Called to talk to manager and Ekon could not find a quiet place to talk and could barely hear me! They verified the price as being correct and appologized about it being wrong without offering a future correction for THEIR misinformation provided to us customers!

I guess I need to go in person to get some corrective action on their behalf.

On a plus note, chick fil a sauce and honey bbq sauce were worth the try! Fries are a different surprise! 🤗 And their Sweet tea brings me back to some sweet memories of TN!

If I will be back to eat, leaves me in a pondering mood. I will update after going in person next week, because they are closed Sundays.

Vie"
Overall the chicken sandwiches were taste.  The lineups to order food are long so expect to give yourself extra time. My biggest complaint was the waffle fries. I was extremely disappointed that I ordered 3 large waffle fries and yet the package for each of them was only half full.
We were regular at fairway chick fil a for a long time but last 2 experiences have been bad both with salads and burgers. Not going back there.
"Honestly would give it 3.5 stars
I got the deluxe, the spicy deluxe, 12 PC nugget, and chocolate milkshake.
The deluxe was good, warm bun and crispy chicken. The spicy deluxe unfortunately wasn't that spicy, the Nuggets were real chicken, which is nice but honestly I would prefer the golden arches nuggets over these. The chocolate milkshake was okay the portion was much smaller than what I remember when I travel to New York all the time, the chocolate milkshake still tasted good though. The lemonade is 💣. Totally recommend the lemonade if you love lemons. At the very end after you paid they made you wait in a small area, which was a little sketchy because we just self-distance the whole way through the line and now you take a bunch of people and put them in a small corner it doesn't really make sense. So I waited somewhere else.
Good food, would go back."
"I read that this place has the most popular chicken sandwich in the world or something like that. This was my literal first impression. It’s an American chain that only recently came to Canada.

I got the basic chicken sandwich with the waffle fries as take out. The bun was slightly toasted, but was a little soggy in the foil bag after the 12 minute drive home. The breaded fillet was a good size and seems like it was cut and not formed like some other chicken “patties”. It comes with pickles, but I was half done before I got any. They only put 2 tiny pickles on. The Buffalo sauce was my choice and it was good. All in all, the sandwich was good, but many other fast food places have as good or better, in my opinion.

The waffle fries are good. Some of them weren’t cut right though and you get a chunk of potato. They were well cooked and seasoned.

The price was reasonable. I don’t eat much fast food and it’s not my typical review. It’s still fairly new to Kitchener and now, at least I gave it a try. I personally think that A&W does a better chicken sandwich, but it’s $3 more."
Food was okay but didn’t get any sauce with my meal and paid for extra sauce.
I am disappointed with the size of the chicken strips, I asked the guy working about their size and he showed me a normal size chicken strip. But when I received my order the chicken strips were the size of maybe 2 nuggets. Rip off!
I had a sub par experience at this store today. The cashier guy was visibly irritated right from the start. I felt he was aggressive and lacked patience while taking order, this left a bad taste in my mouth right off the start. The waffle fries was excessively salty and soggy, usually waffle fries at chickfila is pretty good, not today. Spicy chicken sandwich was as good as expected. However, the regular chicken sandwich was dry and not eatable, so we had to throw it out. I have been to many chickfila locations in us and Canada and love the brand, but the experience at this store today evening was the worst of all visits.
I've been here a few times and although the chicken sandwiches are smaller than the usa, it still tastes the same. Fries are never cooked enough though.  Just now, I witnessed a manager telling off this super nice and helpful young female staff member. Manager dragged out the "telling off" for toooo long, in front of everyone and made her cry. This chick isn't manager material. I'm really disappointed to see this.
It's fine. I'm not 100% sure what the hype is all about. The service was probably the best part about it.
Pretty mid tbh. Everything under seasoned. Peach shake was A+ though.
"First time here and I was expecting more.
The chicken was delicious but portion size was very small.  Maybe I went at a bad time.  30 minutes before close.  But the service wasn't what I was told it would be.  I would try again if they open one closer to my city and if the BRING THE MAC AND CHEESE TO CANADA."
"I went because my kids heard good things about it. Well I can say I was not ""wowwed"" at all. I got the regular original meal. Just a piece of chicken in a bun. The waffle fries are and taste just like and other regular French fries. So nothing to bedazzle the senses.

The meal was alright at best. So I don't understand the hype of this place. Perhaps out of desperation it's not a bad option, but certainly not a ""go to"" place for me.

I would say that this would be a good stop for touring bands on a budget if you think $15 a meal is worth the value.

A little different from some things but still the same in many things from other places.  Keep mind, it's still a fast food place.

I will give great credit to great service, friendly staff, and the  place was clean for a packed restaurant. There was always someone cleaning the tables when someone left."
Busy place.  French fries were different. Wasn't overly impressed with the grill Chicken Sandwich. Will need to try crispy.
"I'm not really sure what the hype is about... we went for our first ever meal at the location on Fairway Rd in Kitchener yesterday.

We ordered two club meals, lemonade and a vanilla milkshake to drink.

First off... the lemade was fantastic; 10/10 hearty, pulpy, and semi sweet, but the milkshake was average, at best. 5/10

Waffle fries were warm and hearty. 7/10 on these certainly.

For a restaurant that is almost ENTIRELY  based around chicken served on a bun, one might expect a warm toasted bun and a piping hot chicken filet and warm bacon.  None of that here!  The marinaded filet was tasty, to be honest, but after sending the first one back because it was FRIGID, and asking for a warm meal, I gave 'em a chance to live up to the fanfare. But MEH, strike 2. 0/10

For almost $40 bucks, it sure isn't worth it... not even close. Perhaps I'm expecting too much? But really... I like my food warm, don't you?

Maybe the manager will DM me, and we can straighten this out?"
I was excited to try this place because of all the hype but it wasn't great. The chicken is really good but I think its weird that they don't put any sauce on their burgers and their pickles have very little flavor. In general, the quality is great but there isn't much flavor at all. I was shocked that 2 meals there costs the same as a sit down restaurant (2 meals was 41 dollars but we upgraded to milkshakes) but I guess they can do that since it's so hyped up.
Solid but unspectacular. Very very hyped up Chic-fil-A and to a degree understandably so. It's been around in America for so long that once it came to a mid-size town such Kitchener it's almost understandable that the drive-thru during the busiest periods would wrap around the Cinema, it would also be understandable that if you wished to go inside that you would be navigating your way like a corn maze to get to the front of the counter, that's hype for you. The meal wasn't too bad, a combo meal of chicken strips and another deluxe chicken burger meal. Positives, there's a lot of sauces to choose from and all complimentary, great! We didn't know this and ended up getting pretty much one of everything. Service was great too; quick and efficient. The downfall for us was the bang for buck, burgers are small, waffle fries are just average, I got a cookie and cream shake and that was interesting, certainly different to any other cookie and cream combination dessert I've ever had. Overall, I'm glad I've had the experience but I'd wait until the queues get a little bit shorter and then try it for yourself.
"I visited Chick-fil-A on a Saturday afternoon and the restaurant was at capacity. My friend and I moved through the short line quickly. I noticed there was a lot of staff behind the counter and that their work area was bright and clean. Someone took my takeout order and the meal was brought to me maybe 2 minutes later.
I had the Spicy Deluxe Sandwich which was only average. It's certainly not on par with the Popeyes chicken sandwich. Just a little better than what you would find in other fast food chicken patties, but more expensive. Actually, about 40% more expensive than the equivalent Popeyes sandwiche meal, $14.11 vs $10.11.
So, fast service, clean restaurant, expensive mediocre chicken sandwich. Waffle fries are good."
"I went in with high expectations because everyone was saying how great it was. I like how they come through the line to take your order before you get to the till, however, when I got to the till to pay, they had lost my order. The chicken sandwich was perfect, I got the deluxe, but, the waffle fries were soft and undercooked. When they came to the table to ask how everything was, I explained about the fries, the person nodded and said ok, then walked away. I was confused.
I'm sure they are normally good but, for this experience, my expectations were not reached."
So it just opened this month and the lineups are still crazy. having to wait did not have an impact on my review, I understand the reason. it was about ten minutes for drive thru, and they did a great job handling the chaos by having attendants take orders from cars in queue. but, I don't really see what the fuss is about. the nuggets were pretty small and the deluxe spicy chicken burger wasn't as good as other typical places. they did have an incredible selection of dipping sauces to choose from. the waffle fries were good but not amazing. the chicken soup was okay, it tasted kinda flour-y. the chocolate milk shake was delicious.. although the first reaction was that it tasted kinda funny, like there was some kinda additive or something in it, but that went away really quick. it was yummy overall. I also tried the sunjoy drink. it was pretty good. all in all, not super impressed, but by no means feeling negative about the experience.
"Everyone hyped this up and after trying it for the first time, I have to say it's really overrated. Its ok chicken. I've had better.
The drive thru experience was interesting though, and every single employee I interacted with was very pleasant. 5 stars for the employees. 3 stars for the chicken itself."
"Service was bizarre. The drive through leads to a kind of sheltered waiting area where four cars pile up and nobody knows what's going on. Then you get parked in the lot anyway, because they can't seem to keep up on orders.

Food is meh, but I am comparing to American Chick-fil-A. Maybe it's because there's more hatred in the American chicken that it tastes better."
It’s alright.  The chicken sandwich isn’t anything special. The pickles had better taste than the chicken.  The bun isn’t great either.
"Waited 45 minutes in drive-thru which was to be expected..no worries. Placed our order which went smooth. Got our food...parked. opened everything and they messed up our order. Lol like every other fast food/coffee place in Ontario. This place fits right in.

The food was OK, it was greasy but edible. I'd have it again, but is it worth the extremely long lines? Not even a maybe.

The grilled chicken nuggets are awesome though. Lots of flavor."
The food is delicious, service is nice and respectful, the line moves fast, and the first time I tried it in Kitchener since 3 weeks ago and it was Sunday but we were surprised to see chickfila closed on November 20 and we searched up and it looks like on Friday and Sunday the restaurant was closed but Friday and Sunday are the best days for friends and family’s to eat at a place like chickfila. Sorry to say but bad management and bad schedule, moving forward they need to make the store working 24/7 because it’s only one store in the whole Kitchener Waterloo region.
"First visit to this restaurant and probably my last.
Never seen such a dysfunctional fast food establishment in life.
Waited a very long time for the food with lots of people standing around waiting for food.
During the woat a few people came inside that were compaining about mixups with their drive-thru orders.
A totally different experience from our visit in Florida.
Food itself was mediocre. Chicken sandwich was decent. Not overly hot and the waffle fries were cold and not crisp.
I was quite disappointed."
Food good, service good, well organized. NO SEATING!! the seating is there but "reserved for staff only" patio and seating on site - but "chained up" can't use it. When I asked about it, the staff said mgmt doesn't want customers "lingering". My thoughts, if you want people to eat in their car, care not for safety of customers, and offer attractive seating just "for show" and not for use, well, there's a demonstrated will to reap $$ and minimize customer experience. Too bad really.
"We enjoyed the spicy deluxe sandwich Combo and a regular deluxe combo.
It was ""just okay"".. I doubt we'll be going back. Drive through had good. Knowledgeable employees taking orders.
Effective Jan 5th Ontario has banned indoor restaurant dining for the next 3 weeks."
It was alright, minus the 30 minute wait to place an order. My biggest gripe is that the nuggets are tiny!!! Otherwise, not sure what the hype is when there are many other burger joints in the KWC region that offer tastier fare. It didn't have a wow factor that set it apart from the other places. Not going there again especially with the long lines!
First time we went it was shortly after 10:30 no line up, waffles fries were fresh, crisp and the container they come in was full to the top. The second time we went in the evening waited 45 mins in drive thru line waffle fries were soggy, and the container only 3/4 filled.  Disappointed 😔 but... The chick fil-A sauce is Amazing!!!
"This was my third time at this location and honestly, I don't get the hype of this restaurant. I may be back but I won't go out of my way for Chick-Fil-A.

The food is okay tasting but I find the menu / ordering system confusing and detest their drive thru so much! Each time I've visited I've had to park and wait for food to be brought out to me.

I've never been inside the restaurant so I can't provide any feedback on it."
Long lineups both inside and at the drive thru. So-so service. Everything is take out. Dining room closed and, surprisingly, outdoor patio seating was closed. Had to sit on the tailgate of my truck to eat. Packed in like sardines inside waiting for orders to be ready. Not too comfortable with the crowding in these Covid times. Chicken sandwich was excellent. Food good...crowds bad.
"disappointed
-drive thru empty & not too busy inside
- my shake was having a moment so they said pull ahead w my hott food for a minute to wait
and
then they got busy
and
they forgot about me

- after numerous cars go thru the drive thru and a 10 minute wait I had to walk up to ask for the rest of the order
&
so at this point  I just ask for a refund but then they say its actually ready¿¡¿

-my shake whip is melting & the shake was meh w maybe 5 lil bits of peaches to make it a special shake
&
not really cold & more a milky/frothy  drink ( I believe shows the length it sat...and I sat for it )

*maybe tooo many ""chefs"" that day at the drive thru mash up at 2 in the afternoon  on a Tuesday

I know it happens,
just disappointed and not worth being late for work for drive thru ""convenience""

it was my choice to stop but it was not my choice to wait, and that option would like to have  been offered because I would have changed my drinkS

#926196"
Was excited to try it. But nothing so great about them. Was very busy and about 20 people were standing in a small area(considering its covid no arrangements were made). The call the order by name which is great to add personalized touch but,in this much commotion should have an actual display .just liked the nuggets from the full order.
the food was good, but way over glorified, thought it would be life changing but it was only ok chicken. Decent price, not worth the hype or the wait though just get Popeyes. Same thing as Popeyes just less greasy by a bit. Milkshakes were tasty though. Waffle fries were weird, simultaneously crunchy and soft but not fluffy just almost stale. Burgers were small portions for 7 dollars each and not very filling. Grilled chicken sandwich was almost sweet which was especially weird, strange food.
"Tried it once don't need to go back.  Ordered soup, salad, fries and chicken nuggets.  Soup was basically all noodles chicken was almost none existent.
Salad mostly lettuce, boring.  Chicken one child loved it the other who loves chicken walked away from it.  I thought it was ok not enough to stand in line for.  Fries the shape was appreciated by the kids but taste not so much."
I was a bit surprised with all the hype about this place.  The chicken in the spicy sandwich was actually quite good. The waffle fries incredibly disappointing.  As a chicken connoisseur I had high hopes.  No real need to rush back.
Long line to order inside, but went fast. Excellent service. I don't see what all the fuss is about though. The chicken burger was only okay, nothing to write home about
First time getting it. Nothing special at all. In no hurry to return one bit lol. Can't believe people actually waited hours in line for it lmfao. Take a whopper over this place anytime!
Be careful in the drive through food and double check your food order cuz you will not get in your bag what you paid for. Very disappointed order spicy chicken strips and end up getting chicken nuggets $18 is pretty expensive for chicken nuggets and not at all what I ordered
Very disappointed in the quality of the spicey and regular chicken sandwich. Go to Popeye's to get a better sandwich. In both cases the sandwich was soggy. The nuggets are a huge let down. Again go elsewhere. The frys and ice tea where the best part of this meal. Will not go back.
"Their ""chick fillet sauce"" is just smokey honey mustard, and they charge extra for it on their classic burgers. Not only that, but it comes on the side in a container, and you have to spread it on with a knife, (if you're lucky enough to have one as they don't supply it.)

Do yourself a favor, and pick up a French's smokey honey mustard for 4$, and you'll have a better experience."
"I found it to be very expensive, ordered a spicy chicken sandwich and 4 chicken straps $18.00.
The sandwich was smaller then Popeyes and Marybrown's and the the 4 chicken strip were $9 and they were small strips.
I'll stick to Popeyes and Marybrowns, better value then, Chick-fil-A"
Staffs are polite and friendly. The service is amazing. Package looks nice. The signature sauce taste wonderful. Just don't like the taste of chicken fillet.It is way too salty.
Food is really good, don't get the hype about their sauce. Gave only three stars because we waited almost half an hour after ordering to get our food. Not something expected from a fast food joint
I was pleased to see how well organized staff and operations handled the lineups of people on foot and in drive thru.  Despite the long lineup, they kept it moving.  Sadly, the food was underwhelming, and not worth the hype.  I won't be returning.
It was my first time here, I will start by saying I was disappointed in the chicken sandwich and how small the chicken was on it. I will say that the cookies and cream milkshake was great and love the sauces. Staff are friendly and welcoming.
It was pretty good but it didn't really wow me Mary Brown's has a much better chicken sandwich and its larger eating KFC's of pretty good but in all it wasn't really that bad and the fries are pretty tasty too
Food is great and the service is wonderful but the fact that you need a code from a receipt to use the washrooms is silly
Will love if you guys delivered out of Kitchener bcs us here in Cambridge are dying to try this very often 😫😭😭
Spicy deluxe was pretty good. Chicken soup was very salty, although the manager did exchange it for a regular sandwich.
I have eaten chick-Fil-a in usa and this doesn’t taste as good.. but this is not the only chain whose food quality is different than from the usa so I can’t really blame one chain
I put 3 because the service was great.  The staff are very friendly.  3 because my food was extremely salty! I had 3 meals that were thrown away because we were unable to eat them and I wasn't going to drive back and have them changed!
They try their best but I think they are lacking staff cause most of the time it's full and people need to wait a lot to have their order.
Place looked clean enough.  I didn't eat just had a quick coffee with a friend.
Lineups VERY long....inside and drive through.  They staff did their best to keep the line moving.  Food was only warm, not hot which would have improved the meal!
The food was ok, but definitely not worth the 45 mins to get it.  If you want a good chicken burger go to Popeye's and get their classic
To be completely honest its very busy and this place tends to be a fighting place since people cut in line all for a chicken sandwich. I went there yesterday and there was already arguments, food is good but way to busy and stressful.
Food was fresh, staff were super friendly, as for the food it was ok. Not worth the hype its just another chicken joint but with alot less options.
Was okay the chicken was nothing special   it was expensive for a little bit of chicken and the lattice potatoes where not the best.  Swiss chalet is a way better deal and a lot better tasting food.
Unfortunately, took a bit longer to get my order right. The waffle fries were barely warm.
Good service. Not sure what the big deal is. Popeye's chicken burgers are better.
Very slow service.  Prices are relatively the same as any fast food outlet.  The staff was nice.
Sandwich was ok; fries were soggy (I hope I can fix them in the airfryer because I'm still hungry)... Disappointed after the hype; overrated ...
Not sure what the hype is about. It was ok. Luckily when I went there wasn’t a line. Knowing now what it tastes like, I would go back but only if there wasn’t a line.
Good food. Wish they would get on Uber or skip the dishes so I could get it more frequently.
It’s okay there’s better chicken sandwiches out there but I love their sauce selections bc it’s free of charge
Was so looking forward to what I heard was the best chicken sandwich in the world. The wait was so long and the sandwich was meh! Maybe in my top 4.
There bery slow on services giving the food to people how becuse I ordered a ice-cream cone and a ice coffee and there was almost no one in line and it took a solid 10min just to get order
Must be a good place the drive thru was literally wrapped around the back side of the movie theater and the inside was lined out the door, needless to say we passed and went to kfc
Not bad not great I felt it was over hyped about the food can say I have been there done that
It's a $10 chicken sandwich. Sure the chicken was juicy, but not worth the hype. Other than the piece of chicken, the sandwich was pretty boring.
It's OK. A&w is much better. The frie are delicious tho. I ha the spicy chicken meal.
Ice coffee is cheap and good. Though taste like you put condensed milk in it.
Food is probably better in the U.S. than in Canada. Took us 30 minutes to get through the drive through.
Ice machine didn't work and we couldn't order the milk shake.  The order wasn't ready and waited 5-10 min for pick up.
It's not bad, but it's not great. I was expecting something that would blow my mind away and I ended up getting something I don't think I'll be craving in the future.
I heard a lot of hype about how great it was. Sorry, but after trying it, it was just ok for me
I've been to the one in Buffalo and the one in yorkdale mall.  This one in Kitchener is not up to par yet, perhaps because it was the first day. Will check back in a few months.
Not fried, but boiled in oil fries.
The burgers are of very small size and quantity given the fact that it is being charged high.
Nothing vegan unless you want fries. Also, do you really want to support this hateful chain?
Honestly, great facility amazing staff I just wasn't overly impressed with the food
At least provide napkins with drive thru order.
Hit or miss, when it's hot and correct it's perfect, when its not it's just a long wait for cold chicken and no sauces
The food is awesome but the controversies about management are pretty horrendous, 3 stars because of that.
I don't know what all the hype is.  The chicken didn't seem anything special.
The food is too salty for my taste. I don't get all the hype.
Food was good but not great. Very pricey.
Dine in and the store is not clean (tables, chairs). Food was good.
Super long wait...food wasn't terrible, but I expected more.
Meh.. don't know what all the hype is about. Didn't think it was anything special. Won't go outta my way to go again!
Wish they had non spicy items. fast service.
Meh. Didn’t live up to the hype. Just and average chicken sandwich.
Slow and okay service good food
Waffle fries are great... nuggets are just ok
Still very crowded, food portions small and over cooked
Solid chicken sandwich, but not better than Popeyes or Mary Brown's
Really expensive for what you get. But it is really tasty
Way too much salt at this location. Toronto was not like this.
It was okay.
Pretty good, Why is it not open Sundays??
A little weird and not the go-to as an introvert.
Food amazing just no where to sit down to eat
Not much sandwich for $10.
I guess you have to try it once right?!
Its okay but its not worth the high price
Meh. There is better chicken in town.
WHY AIN'T THERE NO MAC N CHEESE !?
It was ok. Overrated
Service was very good.
For me, dint live up to the hype!
Good service but crowded
busy ...friendly staff ...
A bit over rated
It was alright nothing to talk about
Meh
Mid
Food was alright
Small meals!
非常的貴⋯我吃不出有什麼好吃跟值得花那麼多錢吃的地方
Great chicken sandwiches,  not a huge selection to choose from but I usually get their signature sandwich , I went because I wanted to try the new pimento one and left disappointed as they don't have it and the manager stared at me with this empty look in their eyes.
"The brand new location in Waterloo is good with plenty of parking. From the outside you will see that this restaurant has a beautiful, yes, I'm saying beautiful drive-thru and outdoor dining. Dining. I love the atmosphere and the newness of the place. I also like how they have table service once you order at the counter.

Here's a tip, they give free refills if you go back up to the counter and request this.

The only thing that I found strange was that they had combination codes on the bathrooms. You'll find the combination code on the bottom of your receipt, so be prepared to either memorize the number or bring your receipt with you!

The chicken was tasty and you've got to request the Chick-fil-A sauce for dipping. It is a unique taste and one that should be tried at least once."
I love this place. The chicken, the waffle fries, THE SAUCE and that peach milkshake are so very blessed. I can feel God's love in this establishment. There was also a Cow Bingo event when we went, where they had a guy in a cow suit and it was so much fun and very silly, although I do not know how we did not win a single time despite grinding for 2 hours. Highly recommend!
Good was good but I have to say … compare  other fast food , kids meal chicken nuggets pieces were extremely small … 😅
Staff were super friendly, store was clean and we were excited to try the food. It was okay nothing fancy, $30 for lunch for 2 people. Chicken nuggets were the size of popcorn chicken so beware of portions. The chicken sandwich could have been better quality. The only good thing was the waffle fries!
Went to this restaurant for the very first time. We ordered a takeaway of spicy chicken strips meal and chick fill A deluxe sandwich. Sandwich was fresh, juicy with fresh lettuce and tomato. Strips too were juicy and soft but I felt the batter/ coating was not the best to my liking. Waffle Fries were crisp and dry not greasy 👍👍
We ordered a Chick-fil-A burger and a Spicy deluxe burger. We liked the latter more. It was quite juicy and well prepared. Also, the sauce provided was good. We went through the drive-in, and the best thing we liked was the order being taken by a human rather than just a dumb speaker interface like in most other restaurants and cafe Drive-ins. The lady at the window taking the order was very patient and well-spoken.
Delicious chicken! The restaurant was a clean and friendly atmosphere that made you feel welcome. It can be busy, but patience is a virtue not wasted here. Enjoy! 🐔
Went on a Saturday which was extremely busy. The line up for the drive through went around the movie theater and inside the line up went all around the restaurant. Ordering was easy however the wait time was long and a little confusing. The sandwich was ok, added a nugget sauce to my sandwich for more flavour. The fries are good and the peach milkshake was delicious. Enjoyed the Sunjoy drink and the lemonade is perfect.
Went for the first time at Chick-fil-A and I was blown away by the service. Everyone friendly and willingly help with small things, like bringing any extras that you may need. The food was amazing, the chicken and a Cobb salad, I thoroughly enjoyed. The store is clean and an inviting atmosphere 👌. I would definitely recommend and come back again to try out the rest of the menu
"Chick fil-A. Who knew! I was in Kitchener recently and we got some munchies after a movie. A nice treat.
Luv the waffle fries! Fresh, tender.
Good chicken sandwich, no complaints, but really, it's so similar to the Wendy's sandwich.
I tried the chicken sauce, and didn't really like it, but some people love it.
Very nice building, very clean, great staff/service.
Anyway, great to have another option.
I'll be back next time in the area."
Good food and great Service. Jorja was awesome and helped us choose the best combo. We love Chick-Fil-A. This restaurant was no different. We do wish they would become a little more inclusive and move away from their archaic thoughts on the LGBTQ2S+. Thanks for a great meal!
"They sure do know how to serve and handle long line ups!!!

OMG! Let's turn around! - That is exactly what we thought when we reached to this location couple of days ago on Saturday evening. The drive through line-up was really long and the in-store line-up was reaching out the main doors.

However, we decided to get into the in-store line-up. I am not sure what's the wait time on drive through, but reading the other reviews, it surely is pretty high.

As you might have guessed by now, for us it was really fast! We didn't think we would be in and out just under 15 mins! Yes!

Kudos to the team of this location and the location manager!!!! They are doing an amazing job in turning around the orders.

Going into more details:
1. Ample parking as they are part of a plaza.
2. Handicapped accessible entrance available!!!
3. NO Dine-in or patio, at least definitely not on a Saturday when we went there.
4. COVID measures followed to the ""T""s.
5. Amazing staff, very helpful and humble!!!
6. Interesting drink options for the first timers for sure.
7. Amazing range of sauces with no extra cost!!!

So, you must be thinking why not 5 stars???

Here you go with the comments on food:
1. We ordered 3 sandwiches - spicy chicken, their standard and grilled. We only liked spicy one, it was juicy, well cooked and tender. However, the other 2 were really dry and hence, you need the sauces, especially the grilled one. Highly recommend spicy, the other 2, worth 1 shot max.

2. We ordered both kinds of nuggets. Loved the normal nuggets, super juicy, very tasty and right amount of spice level. In other words - Perfect!!!. However, once again disappointed with grilled ones, dry and no spice at all!!!

3. Drink - peach milkshake - really awesome. Could be too sweet if you are not into sweet stuff a lot.

4. Sauces - really like their own and sweet n spicy one. Didn't like others a lot. However, choice of sauces vary from person to person.

They lost one star due to the quality of food and the portion. OMG! Do not go there if ur super hungry, else order at least 2 sandwiches with all the sauces (no cost, u would love some of them) and 1 drink.

Now my fav part of the order - the turn around time. This is true guys, they are really good at what they do. They take orders upfront and then u have to just pick up. They have 3 people taking orders simultaneously!!! And 4 cash registers working at the same time and hence amazing turn around time!!!
On top of that - I literally ordered 1 sandwiche and 1 nuggets box at the time when I was at cash register. Thought now I would have to wait for another 15 mins so that they prepare the last minute request. I was surprised they did that in less than 2 mins!!!! I checked all the items if they missed any and they didn't!!!
Hats off guys!!! Keep up the amazing work!!!!

Couldn't get a lot of pics. Definitely going there again to try their drinks. Will add more pics next time."
I liked the atmosphere, the only problem I have is that the company has problematic viewpoints towards the LGBTQ+ community and other minorities. The fries are amazing.
The restaurant is very busy but the wait is not too long because it is well organized and they have a good system that keeps everything moving. The service is good, the staff is friendly and polite. The chicken burger is good, the waffle fries are different and tasty. Don't forget to ask for sauces to but on your chicken burger.
"We took the regular Chick-fil-A sandwich, spicy chicken strips, grilled nuggets, waffle fries,  sweet tea.
The sandwich hype kinda made me expect more, so It was okayishly good for me. The buns were legit soft and chicken was tender. I would rate it 4/5. I was drooling over the grilled nuggets. I strongly recommend those. The best ever nuggets. Fries were usual just the shape was different. The spicy strips were above average and there is a room of improvement there.
We legit ordered every sauce. Sweet and spicy sriracha, Chick-fil-A and Polynesian went very well with the grilled nuggets. Honey mustard and barbecue went well with the spicy chicken strips. I did not like the zesty buffalo.

The queues are massive and expect to wait over 1 hour before your turn comes up."
My boyfriend and I were served by Micheal , his customer service was amazing ! Didn’t mess our order up which was a bonus :) It was really refreshing to have such a kind server .
Friendly staff, and it’s well kept & clean on the inside. The price is reasonable too. My go to is the chik-fil-a nuggets. Also, I highly recommend the chik-fil-a sauce! I rate it a 10/10.
"At 73 years young, I'm doing my first ever Google review, and boy, does it feel like a long time coming. My experiences at Chick-Fil-A in the past hadn't exactly wowed me, to be honest. There was this one time where a female employee gave me an eye roll as I took my time with the menu, and another occasion where I felt like I was being shooed out the door before I could even blink because i took some time ordering. Being a senior citizen, It's important i have some time the menu, but it seemed like I was always being hurried through the ordering process.
But, hey, I'm all about second chances! So, a few Tuesdays ago, I rolled through the drive-thru for one last shot. And guess what? The service this time around was nothing short of splendid. Jonah, the employee who took my order, was an absolute gem. He greeted me with such positivity, patience, and even took the time to answer all my menu-related questions. Not once did I feel like he was rushing me, and his friendly demeanor really put a smile on my face. I did however get the wrong sandwich by the people on the inside. When I realized my sandwich was wrong, I swung back around to the drive-thru again. Another employee named Micah was there to save the day. He listened to my concerns with genuine understanding, spoke with such eloquence, and boy, did he know his stuff! He even gave me his word that the issue would be fixed, and true to his promise, it was. He turned what could've been a sour situation into a surprisingly positive experience. Honestly, in all my years, I've never encountered customer service quite like what I experienced that day with these two gentlemen. So, please, pass on my heartfelt thanks to these two because they've saved you a customer. Great job, Chick-Fil-A!"
Extremely busy but staff were efficient and polite. Wish there was a bigger place to wait for take out. Food was delicious.
Overall Okay, the food was like I expected. Chicken was juicy and the sauce was really good as I’ve heard. The only negative is the super long line, since the hype is super high the line is crazy, waited for an hour start to finish in the drive thru. But the staff are super friendly and it was really organized. I would wait till it quiets down a bit to try it if you wish to just to see what it’s all about :).
I’ve visited a few times. The food is good, very close to how it is in the US. The service is just as top notch as to be expected by a Chic-fil-A. Way better than the Toronto locations. Drive through lines are still quite long so I’ve gone inside each time. Lost a star because the app hasn’t been implemented yet and that’s a crucial point of interaction.
I will go again to see if it deserves my five stars rating but for the food Is good  the fries is so good
First time trying..great service and easy access to drive thru ..good eats. Grilled chicken is yummy and the french fry waffles are real potatoes and tasty.
$15 for 3 chicken strips (no fries) & a drink was a little shocking :( I adore the chik-fil-a dipping sauce though!
Very nice takeout spot with friendly staff. I went there and they were playing bingo so we ended up joining in and dining with the whole family.
First time trying as I was in the area.  Got the grilled chicken club, it was good, wouldn't say best chicken sandwich ever.  Harveys has a comparable sandwich.  The waffle fries were ok, would have preferred a little more crisp to them.  Overall a good option for fast food in the area but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
While the food didn't quite hit the mark as expected, with the chicken being a bit too salty and prices a tad high for what you get, the service was truly exceptional. The staff here are incredibly friendly and helpful, and the whole team operates with impressive efficiency and organization.
My first time trying Chick Fil A. It was okay; nothing out of the ordinary. Pretty on par with other fast food restaurants, except a bit more high quality.
I tasted their Oreo milkshakes today. It was soo tasty and delicious.
First time visiting this location: it was very large and nice inside! Unfortunately the ordering system was more chaotic than I’ve come to expect from the brand. They were also extremely stingy with the napkins.
"UPDATE:  Hours on the building still show open @6:30am but the facility still has no breakfast menu - come on guys even your new location in Windsor has breakfast - now don't you think since you've been open for a year it's about time to introduce breakfast to this location?
I will definitely give 5 stars if breakfast shows up here
The first Chick Fil A with a drive-thru in Ontario since Chick Fil A entered Canada in 2019
very busy store but worth the wait
Menu is identical to the US restaurants with the exception of Maybe 1 or 2 items
Breakfast is coming soon in the next few months
One of the ONLY places in Ontario or even Canada that serves the Spectacular Southern sweet tea made from scratch as one of the restaurant's Signature menu items"
"First time being to a Chickfila, but I now understand that the food here is just a vehicle for their sauces (which are free!)

Like others have been saying, make sure you get some extra sauce to put on your burgers.

We got the deluxe spicy chicken sandwiches, nuggets, and a sunjoy. Fries are definitely the play here, over the chips (unless you need a gluten-free option).

Staff are all extremely friendly and service is prompt here."
We went on a Saturday at 6, so I'm not surprised it was busy - but it was crazy busy.  I was surprised.  I had the spicy chicken fingers - which were okay - nothing special.  Fries were better, and the sauce was quite good.  I drove 45 minutes there because my son loves the place.  Generally speaking, not worth a 45 minute drive.
The food was a little underwhelming, we got nuggets and the deluxe chicken sandwich. While the chicken is a little dry, the sauce makes up for it. The service was awesome with somoene who walks around making sure its all good. For fast food definately one of the better options.
Pretty good place for a chicken sandwich and a ice cream
Good food, clean restaurant, friendly employees and the cow mascot made my day! Very cute touch
Food is always great and the turn around is quick.  During my last eat-in meal I ordered cold brew black.  When the drink was delivered it had milk/cream in it.  I mentioned that I ordered it black and they said they would remake my order to accommodate the request.  I reviewed the receipt which clearly said no add-ins.  When the person returned with the second order I showed them the receipt and they said it doesn’t print out that way for the person who makes the order.  So they either have a very strange order taking system or they are unnecessarily telling customers they ordered the wrong item even though it matches with the customer receipt.  Great food and the chick fil-a sauce works on anything served warm.
The burgers are a solid 7 with the chicken very comparable to that of Popeyes except it’s a good 50%-60% less greasy. Fries look cute but don’t taste as good or as addictive as McD, Popeyes, or DQ. Sauces are okay, nothing special! Lemonades are a 10/10, taste home made, have lemon pulp, and are the perfect balance of sweet, salty, and lemony. The Sunjoy (half lemonade half tea) tastes like a luxurious, gourmet version of Nestle’s lemon ice tea. Paid $28 for 2 combos so it’s within the same range as other fast foods.
Ordered spicy deluxe sandwich meal and chick fil a original. Loved the spicy one. Also the chick fil a sauce was good.
We really liked this place. Specifically the location is so happening place. I personally love the Potato wedges n fries. My family love the burger 🍔.  About chick fil A sauce which famous n prime center taste of Chick fil A. It's kids friendly n plenty of parking spaces available.
It's delicious but always a hit or miss with the fries I perfer them more on the crispy side than soggy
"Overall, it’s a really busy place. Very impressive how they move through so quickly! Had my first issue come up where my order was wrong. I experienced their customer care first hand and I can say I was a little disappointed with the outcome of the recovery from that manager. I was disappointed with the mistake because I didn’t get my salad 🥗 after confirming the order at the drive thru.
I got a cookie as compensation. 🍪-Not exactly the same as a salad.(I’m allergic to milk) Overall I would still consider coming back once in awhile it’s got some good stuff. The watermelon 🍉  iced tea drink is 10/10 ⭐️⭐️please keep it forever!!!!! I’ll change my review to 5 stars if it’s sticks around☺️"
"Everyone is talking about it !
It's like a big thing !
And when we went there, it was all packed up with people dining in and driving through its busier than McDonald's !

Well, regarding their chicken burger ...
Nothing wow! , but not bad
Nothing specific about it
It's not a big deal, sorry, at least to me!
Their waffle fries are somehow good

I believe the KFC crunchy sandwich or Popeyes chicken sandwich is a little better than this!
I will not drive 40 min again for it!

Wish you guys the best."
First time having Chick-fil-A in Canada. Amazing customer service.
"My recent visit to Chick-fil-A left quite an impression, eh? They've got a reputation for exceptional service and being super kid-friendly, and they sure lived up to it. Right from the get-go, a server, Irisha, came over to our table, introduced herself, and gave a friendly ""hi"" to my little ones. That's the kind of kid-friendliness you want to see.

Speaking of my toddlers, Irisha made sure we didn't have to keep running up to the counter. She was on top of things, making sure we were comfy the whole time. Plus, she even took the time to clean the high chairs before handing them over. That's a level of cleanliness you'd expect from a fancy 5-star restaurant, not a fast-food joint.
While we waited for our food, Irisha struck up a friendly chat with us. She even cracked a joke that had us all chuckling. It's not often you find yourself having a good laugh in a fast-food place, right? The staff was really happy and cheerful. I could see they loved working there. Its not just the guest but the interaction of the staff with eachother is so much funn. They are always smiling. Way to go Chick-fil- A
Now, onto the food. We ordered a Spicy Deluxe meal, their regular chicken sandwich, and two kids' nugget combos. The only downside was those fries – they were seriously salty, even for the little ones. But oh boy, that chicken! It was so juicy and tasty, it made up for the salty fries.

So, all in all, Chick-fil-A felt more like a high-class restaurant than your typical fast-food joint. Thanks to chick-fil- a  members for exceptional experience. Eh, we left with full bellies and smiles, ready to come back for more of that juicy goodness"
"Ended up here on a whim just to try it and see what all the fuss is about. We managed just to get in before the rush came. It’s a nice environment, very clean. Everyone is super polite and welcoming.
Ordered the chicken burger (w cheddar) and was really good. The chicken itself was very juicy. The waffle fries were average at best, nothing different than you’d make at home. They did have really good lemonade.
I wouldn’t drive out of my way to go there but definitely would if I were in the area."
very busy and crowded restaurant, difficult to navigate parking lot and find seating indoors
First time trying Chick Fil A. We went around 830PM on a Friday and it wasn’t too busy. We ordered by mobile so I can’t say much about the ordering experience in person but the staff were very polite as expected. We got deluxe chicken sandwich combos. The food was hot and fresh, we tried the sunjoy and vanilla iced coffee. Both were good! Overall a good experience but I would express that it is a little overhyped for what it is.
I was last at a chick fila in Maryland a few years ago. Maybe I misremembered how great the spicy chicken sandwich was but maybe I should have added sauce. It was a nice sandwich. Not a complaint against this place. The service was excellent and the bathroom was clean.
Good, not great. The inability to expedite within the drive thru is the fault. Knowing what I want and being stuck behind someone who doesn't and watching 4 cars go through the other lane is upsetting. The food was good but slightly overdone. Would go back but not the first choice.
Had a few meals from here now and overall they've been pretty good, however the waffle fries have been hit or miss. Sometimes they are very under-cooked and not very salted. A bit pricey but it is what it is. Drive-thru service has always been good and despite usually being very busy, they have a good system down.
First time going there. I just tried the original and I thought it was going to be absolutely amazing. It wasn't too bad But I was hoping the chicken would have been a little bit more juicier. I felt like it was a little bit dry. It was still good. I am going to go back and I'm going to try the deluxe. I think it's the number two. I've been hearing good things about it so maybe the original just wasn't for me.
This was a very different drive thru experience. There is no speaker but an employee with a clipboard and a debit machine. You tell the person what you want and your name and they tell the kitchen and you pay for it with the employee. The service was fairly quick and I was on my way in about 7 minutes only 5 minutes from placing my order. The food was for my son and he said it was OK. The chicken was moist and the breading wasn't too crispy. Apparently the pickles were the best thing.
The food gets to you relatively fast, and it tastes great! I do end up not being filled by any of order though because the quantity is kind of small, but the prices are cheap, so for people who want more, they can order more!
This Chick-fil-A is one of the only two restaurants in Canada at the moment. The food here was amazing!! The chicken is very original and has a special flavour that other chicken companies don’t have. The overall service was great! This fast food was definitely fast! The overall flavour of everything is a 8/10 in my opinion.
Our family met there for dinner before our movie at Cineplex Fairway Road. Food was ok. I was still hungry after eating the chicken burger but did not want to pay for another. The service was amazing. Friendly staff kept the tables clean and the restaurant tidy.
Service was excellent.  Spicy chicken sandwich was good but not spicy. I enjoyed the sandwich with the chic-fil -a  sauce. Peach milkshake was delicious.  The price was fairly reasonable considering the price of everything thing these days.
Always great service, even when busy they get you through efficiently! 4 stars simply because I'm not a huge fan of their chicken personally, but my husband craves it constantly! The deluxe is easily the way to go though.
I'd give 5 stars all-around; except in the middle washroom the toilet seat was extremely loose and wobbly (my pet public peeve!). It made things very awkward when the toilet seat wouldn't remain up without holding it, for a male simply trying to go pee.
"Giving 4 stars for great, quick and friendly service!

However, I’d give the vanilla iced coffee a 2/5 if I could. The size of it was good for the price! But the vanilla flavour itself ended up tasting super artificial and almost chocolate-y?? It resembled nothing like a simple vanilla flavour. Not sure what kind of syrup they’re using but I wasn’t expecting the flavour that it was at all…

One of the employees did say the original flavour iced coffee is good though- so maybe go for the original before you get the vanilla one!"
Love the chicken sandwich with chick fil a sauce, and with their sun joy drink. It’s better to go during the day so that the food is made fresh. I made the mistake the other day of going before closing and my food did not taste fresh at all. Which is a huge difference. I would give a 5 star. But my last experience of not fresh tasting food made me go a star down. Overall, a fast food restaurant I enjoy.
Amazingly good chicken sandwich. The hype for once was right! Couldn't wait to snap a picture hadda have a bite (or 3)...😉
First time ever having it, and dang the chicken is really good. If you don't want the drink then don't get the meal, it's cheaper to just get the sandwich and the fries separate. I gave 4 stars since it's a bit expensive compared to other fast food items in terms of bang per buck. However, compared to a Big Mac it is 1000% better and is the same price.
"First time at a Canadian version of this franchise. Lineup at drive through was off the charts. Went inside and put order in very quickly. Moved up to pay at second station, food ready soon after. Seems like organized chaos but it’s all a process to get the masses served quick.
Nuggets seem very small, but VERY tasty.
Waffle fries never seem cooked crunchy enough (for my liking).
Only got 1 dipping sauce & needed more. Should have asked for more but would be great if the staff would ask if we would like 1 or 2.
Franchise in Windsor will open soon and will attend for sure. If back in this area, will return to this franchise I sure."
"Freshest chicken I've had in a long time.
Awesome customer service
I got the deluxe chicken combo with waffle fries.

Always amazing service, always satisfied

Edit: You cannot make a online order, only shows for the states..  making it a guaranteed wait for food."
Best chicken sandwich EVER. Be sure to order the deluxe chicken sandwich though, it has all the fixing on it. ( But that's just my preference.) They have lots of combos to choose from so all your bases are covered and many different sauces to choose from. The waffle fries are out of this word since they are fresh cut. The service in the drive thru is Wonderful and something you do NOT see anywhere else. They actually have attendants waiting outside IN the drive thru just to make sure your order is right. They are also very very polite. HOWEVER, they shouldn't be outside during the  bitter winter cold taking orders. It's NOT HUMANE. At least they should be provided with some form of heat or outdoor heat lamps. That's my only concern. The drive thru was busy but went fast. I would definitely go back for more and hope not to see anyone taking orders outside in the cold.
Very good service; true definition of fast food, meal was served barely 2 minutes after placing order.
The best spot in town to grab fast food from! If you love chicken and if you don't mind waiting, it's totally worth it. Their staff is very friendly but also super efficient. They can get through a huge lineup in a short amount of time, which is great (both drive thru and walk-in).
Busy place. But the staff made it quick. Friendly. Decent fast food.
"Fries are only good if eaten immediately.  Their drive thru process is almost well done. If they had runners from the window like they do at the ordering area, might have to park less cars. Just a thought tho.
Lines are still insane so plan at least 30 - 60 minutes at dinner times.
Chicken was like any other fast food. Lemonade is amazing tho!"
Very excited for a chic-fil-a in the area! It’s always one of our first stops visiting family in the states. Best nuggets period! And their sauce....and drive through order taking excellence. How it should be done! And yes...I’m aware of the ‘issues’. There aren’t many businesses on the planet that don’t have issues...just saying. I’ll be in line...
While the restaurant, service and food itself were great, they need to improve their ordering ahead. As it asks to share your location after you order, I should be able to check in from the parking lot, not have to scan a QR code at the counter. All that aside, great job
"Finally, Chick-fil-A in Kitchener.  When will we get one in Guelph?  Ha! The long drive thru line up was......unbelievable!?! Was it worth it? Absolutely! Would I do it again? Yes and yes.  I had the zesty chicken sandwich with large fries and pop, see photo.
To the managers.  Waffle fries are amazing, however.....they need to be more well done.  Please don't remove them from the fryers until they are done.  We waited 20 minutes for our order.  I'd wait another few minutes for the fries.  It was a shame.  Everyone is amazing.  In this heat and humidity, good for them.  Thanks for the fans for the outside greeters, that was nice.  See you next time!"
"It was kind of expensive for the quantity of food, it wasn’t bad in my experience but I’ve only been there once. I wasn’t a fan of the waffle fries they weren’t hot and kinda dry and soggy. The nuggets weren’t bad but for almost $14 I’d expect just more.

I will say all new restaurants have growing pains and chick-fil-a is no exception especially when they opened they weren’t really allowed to have people inside. It’s only been a year for this location it typically takes 5 years to settle and get the kinks worked out. Give it time.

Also I’ve seen concerns about peanut oil being used and no allergy warnings. An allergy to peanuts typically means you can have products cooked in/with peanut oil the two are not mutually exclusive in terms of being allergic to them you can be allergic to peanuts or peanut oil or both of them but that’s considered kind of rare. They are two completely different allergies."
"Drive through dining tonight. Food was hot when brought to our car but after driving 5 mins to home was warm and somewhat soggy.
Not the greatest experience for a newbie to the chain."
Great service. Good food at a decent price. Love the pictures of cows asking people to eat more chicken!
Always get great service when I come here. Food can be hit or miss. ie got a stale bun and very salty chicken patty yesterday but other times it was perfect. Will continue to come for the Christian chicken 😊
When they say the sauce is addicting .. it definitely is . Sadly I had a chicken burger and there was a ton of grease , my burger was dripping with it . I get it could of just been an off day .. I will still be returning for the waffle fries and chick-fil-A sauce … yum !
"Whilst I honestly think Chick-fil-A is more the hype than anything else, it is still nice to have a new place down the block. But the lines are STILL miles long and today I actually saw people turning away. Maybe if they streamlined their operation a little bit, they could have faster moving lines.

Fresh hot food, great packaging, and awesome sauces though! Will keep going back whenever I can afford the time. :-)"
Great service.   Went there to try and honestly,  overhyped.  I find Dairy queens chicken burgers to be better.  The waffle fries were good along with their house sauce.
First time going here, their sunjoy was good! I had a delux spicy chicken with waffles fries and chick fil a sauce. Sauce was okay, tasted like thousand island without the pickles. Fries were a mix between wendys and mcdonalds. Mcdonalds exterior, wendys interior. Sandwich was pretty good, was weird to have no saltiness from the mayo, but I just put chick fil a sauce onto it. I'll come again!
I have to admit - they make one heck of a chicken sandwich! I really liked their spicy chicken. Their waffle fries are great, but they need to cook them a little longer and make them crispy - be sure to ask for yours well done if you want crispy great fries!
Definitely the best "fast food chicken burgers",  personally I like how there's no sauce on chicken when you receive it and put it on yourself so you can add as much as you would like. Never put enough on for me.. descent price as you would get anywhere tbh.. would definitely go back.
The drive thru line was long,  but for a new restaurant it is to be expected.  The service was fast, and the sandwich was delicious,  however, when I got back to work with my order it was discovered that one of the sandwiches I ordered was missing.  We drove back after talking to a manager and the staff provided the missing sandwich.
Sets very high standards for fast food. The person taking the order at the car window was very kind and patient as it was my first time there. Relatively fast drive through. Food was good and hot.
"Had to see what all the hype was about. Did drive thru, few people cut the line and snuck in. Waited about 20 min or so. Just got the chicken sandwich, person taking the order was very polite.
Got the sandwich and it was good. Better then popeyes, but not mary browns."
The thing that really stands out the most was the service I got ordering and getting my food. Really makes you want to come back. On to the food, the chicken nuggets were amazing, waffle fries and sauce were yummy. However, the chicken sandwich was just ok. I remember enjoying the sandwich at chick fil a in the states more.
"Located in a high traffic, very commercial area. Be prepared for a crowd, line ups and waiting time.
Staff checks on clients often to respond to any question or take any new orders .
Family ambiance, just too busy."
Very very very busy whenever I go here. Always friendly service. Just hard to understand some of the employees because they are new Canadians.
Can't compare to other fast food places. Great service and the restaurant is super clean. Menu options are limited but delicious
First time ever, was busy but super efficient, friendly...great soup, love the waffle fries...could improve on waste ( are you dining in? Yes - still brought everything bagged )
"Busy place. Servers will come out and take order. We were third in line and they started at the 4th... :-(

Food was good. Liked that the spicy was actually spicy."
Always a great place to get fast food. Taking one star out because the team can be managed more efficiently to get the orders quick as the usual wait time was around 10 minutes.
"Cookies and creme milkshake was really good and same with the sunjoy drink. ( iced tea/lemonade)   fries were awesome hot and burgers we alright, not fantastic. Ate inside the location

Would go again"
First time ever at a Chick-fil-A and while it was pretty good it wasn't as outstanding as ask the hype would lead you to believe. Still though, it's a pretty good chicken burger.
Great service, for dine-in order.  Had employee ask if we needed anything including refills of drinks.  Restaurant clean and employees were friendly.
Sandwiches and waffle fries are great as usual. The drive through gets pretty chaotic but usually they can handle it well.
Two very young guys doing the nasty and/or drugs in one bathroom with door unlocked.  Manager and 2 workers looked after the issue immediately.
Food was good except for a extremely toxic guy who swore at me for not having a mask. Then confronted my friend, swore at him then proceeded to tell him to get better freinds. Food was great at the people took my order was super kind. Over all was awesome except for that very angry man.
"I don't understand the hype. It's only fried chicken sandwiches, tenders , nuggets and weird looking fries.
The menu is very simple with very few items to choose from.

The food in general is good,  not excellent . The Chicken is tender, it's perfectly breaded not overly done.  The chic Fila sauce is based on  mc Donald's mac sauce instead of relish in the recipe  they add honey .
How does it compare to  KFC , popeyes, Jollibee and Mary browns .
Not as greasy as KFC, not as dry as popeyes , not as plain as Jollibee,  not as much breading as Mary browns .
Popeyes has good fries , KFC breading/ skin has lots of salty flavor,  Jollibee good if u like plain food. Mary browns has perfectly seasoned breading.
They all have their pro and cons ."
The location is far from the Hotspot that is waterloo. The crowd management was great, anticipated high demand. Food was great...same what I have tastes in USA. Looking forward for more branches. Keep going Chick-fil-A 😃😃😃😍
It was good just noticed there sandwiches got smaller
Burger meal was amazing, sunjoy is as always best quencher. Waffle fries were not so great, may be a little undercooked. Overall satisfactory brunch.
The lineup seemed very long but once inside to order it took very little time to place our order and to receive our food.  We thought about going through the drive thru but that line up was huge and confusing.  Food was delicious and our order was correct.  We will return.
Good food. Really enjoy the spicy deluxe. The buns were greasy this last time but other than that, really good. I like that they are closed for staff on Sundays. Classy.
"First trip here...Food was good, took almost 20 mins though drive thru looked even slower.
Surprised that none of the workers were wearing hair nets and they weren't super friendly like the US locations
Love that they give you as many sauces as you want and don't charge extra, prices on par with everywhere else"
Don't be deterred by long lines as they are handled efficiently, staff take your order while in line. Chicken sandwich lives up to the hype. Shakes and waffle cut fries are also great!
Tried their chicken strips, chicken nuggets, spicy chicken sandwich and original chicken sandwich. All were tasty but the chicken nuggets are really tiny so heads up if you buy for a meal. Ample sauce is given out so you have left overs to use at home. WIN!
The vanilla milkshake is delicious, the nuggets with chik-fil-a sauce is heckin' tasty and the spicy deluxe was pretty good, I added the sauce to it and it made it even better. The waffle fries however were undercooked and soft, seems like they could use another minute in the fryer.
The food was great and service was quick.
Great food great service and although the line looks intimidating it generally moves very fast! Overall a great experience love it when a business use real food and full chicken brest! This is hands down one of the brest fast food places you can eat!
I tried them for the first time today. They are pretty good but I still prefer Mary browns chicken sandwich. However Chick-fil-A has excellent waffle fries.
Overhyped and way too busy. But a solid sandwhich if you make it through the lineup. Service is top notch though, call it the Starbucks of fast food.
Incredibly long lines as this is a brand new location, the fries were a little under done, which was probably due to the amount of people ordering. But otherwise, just like a remembered when I was down in the US. Expect long lines and wait times until the hype subsides.
The burger and the chicken fingers were tasty. The drive thru line up was chaos. The staff were hard working and friendly.
My chicken sandwich was ok but I don't get all the hype. Customer service was great!
First time at a Chick-fil-A. Deluxe chicken burger was great.   Fries were cold.  Will have to try it again.  Friendly service.
The food is soooo good, but unfortunately there was a little piece of hair in my food.
Good spot to grab drinks/food on the go!
Good food   friendly staff  they take your order in line as you wait to get to the till
Wow!! I can not believe how fast the drive through was and the food was hair and fresh. We drove from Mississauga to this location because we have enjoyed there food so much. So they need another location.
"Only been 2 times since it’s been open: but both times have been good.

I quite enjoy the sun joy ( half sweet tea * real sweet tea made from tea leaves/bags not ICED TEA* and half lemonade"
Quick efficient service...tasty chicken sandwich with large piece of chicken , pickles and that's it...simple and tasty! You can order other options with lettuce or tomatoes, but the original is great.
Great location, staff are friendly. No more huge lineups. Never had any issues with the food purchased from this location.
Although there was a huge line-up, the Cobb salad with chicken nuggets was worth the wait. Great size portion and very fresh.
Pretty good for fast food, a bit pricy but the chicken sandwich was good. The vanilla iced coffee tasted watery and too sweet though.
Had a nice drive thru experience. The food was tasty and was just as we remember it from our trips to the States. We'll be back.
It wasn't anything special! But it was quick service an liked their nuggets and waffle fries the spicy deluxe was good too all the food could have been a bit warmer tho!
Fries were very good the chicken sandwich was also good and the milkshake was the best if had for the price. The service was organized and moved fast.
There was a weird partitioned off section for staff members only...but it looked a little odd....i deducted a point for atmosphere but that might be a little harsh on my part.
This resturant had very friendly  and helpful staff. The facility is clean and organized.  The food was very good and prepared fast.
Best chicken sandwich in town
Great customer service. Comfortable atmosphere and the food was delicious
It's as good as they say! I was also somewhat blown away by the friendliness of the server, who was patient with my lack of knowledge and assisted me with recommendations.
Nice place to have chicken burgers 🍔 specially their sauce. Sometimes too crowded. But overall they have nice drinks as well specially the Sunjoy.
Very nice people! They did not get my drive thru order correct but made it right when I went back.....just wish that I didn't have to go back!
A bit pricey for the portion size, but very good spicy chicken and waffle fries. The place is very clean also.
Service was fast, coffee okay.
Good location and service. Why does Canada have spicy chicken tenders and Texas doesn't!? 😭
Nice fast food place! Their chicken sandwiches are good! So happy with their french fries!
Great food and friendly staff
"It is good, but I can't say it's my favorite chicken burger.

I can't notice any difference between this location and US locations."
Big line but the staff were efficient getting and filling orders. Food was good too, but I'd say eat the fries when they're fresh
Little bit expensive than other fast food restaurants but quality and taste is much better. Definitely a try is worth the price.
sandwiches are good but definitely not the best. Tried their house lemonade and that was really good. Of course the sauces are their plus.
You almost feel like you're south of the border. Recommend having the Chick-fil-A  sauce with your waffle fries.
"The restaurant was new. New staff so it will probably take a bit to get the procedures all ironed out.
Food was hot and ingredients were fresh."
"Other than the line up, I enjoyed my visit.
The chicken club I had was really good. And I loved the peach milkshake 😍."
chick fil a I'm been having it for a couple years now and its just always good the sauces, the drinks, the chicken and the workers are pretty nice there
Doesn't have the well known friendly service you find in the US but the food is just as good. Spicy deluxe is amazing!
Great and fast service! Ordered the spicy chicken deluxe sandwich with lemonade!
Great chicken & well organized operation. Unfortunately fries were not hot or crispy both times I went.
Not sure what the big hype is all about. Lol. The spicy chicken was good but nothing crazy. A different experience dining in tho.
First time going and it was a decent place.  Loved the lemonade.  Chicken Sammy was good
I don't think the food is better than Popeye's.    But they are 10 times faster and it is quite excellent.  Be prepared for a line.
Wasn't bad for my 1st time trying it. Loved the waffle fries tho so good
I enjoyed my meal but did feel that it was a bit overrated. The staff was really friendly and organized!
The food was good. This location is still so busy! The staff we encountered were all friendly.
The grilled chicken was great 2 weeks ago. The grilled chicken club I had today was a little greasy.
Was better than expected. Chicken was soft and tasty. Fries were ok as was the milkshake.
Better chicken sandwich then average yes but i don't see why ppl were acting like it was riot worthy 🤣🤣🤣
It was an interesting experience, lines move quickly, good food, good service. Wonder how long the hype will last in Kitchener.
First time visiting this new establishment. Staff were extremely friendly food was hot and delish
Good chicken sandwich but a little pricey for the size. Would give 3.5 stars.
Great atmosphere, great service, the food is OK
Food great w bit of wait. Employees nice n helpful. All good.
The chicken is as expected from Chick-fil-A; delicious. Extremely busy, which will of course not last.
The staff is very friendly. I wish there was more selection on the menu.
Great drive through experience with excellent spicy chicken sandwich and waffle fries
Very busy but very worth buddy and I drove 2 hours for this but popeyes is still top dog
Great food, chicken was delicious and the waffle fries.  Tad bit expensive
My chicken came in small chunks but the rest of the family go whole pieces of chicken
Service was good, waiting time too long, food good, nice to have something new in KW area.
"First time to experience! Great customer service and atmosphere.

Tony Manila"
Spicy chicken deluxe with waffle fries for the win!  Load up on the sauces while you're there.
Friendly staff, tastey drinks.  Tables and seating area was a little untidy.
Great service & the chicken was delicious.
"Tried for the first time,
Number 1 with sweet tea and their sauce
Great service!"
The salad was so rich and delicious ! Didn't need anything else. So filling and Nutritious .
Chicken was great but not worth the waiting. Long wait with overflow drive thru
Always great!
Grilled nuggets, what more can I say?  But they are missing the kale salad available in the US. I need a side!!
Good food but expensive. The dining room will be great when it opens.
"Absolutely delicious    will go again 😋

4 stars because no one is perfect 😇😊"
It's a party all the way through your body! And on there way out te fireworks start!!!!
Great organization during a very busy opening week.  Staff was super helpful and patient
Nice food but nothing exceptional to wait 1 hour to get the food🤣
I like the walk out drive through service.  A step up
Pretty good but super busy. Expect 30 minutes wait time.
"Dinner time is always long lines.
Go at 4pm, no lines
Food is alright 👍"
I loved the fries
Not what I expected but decent. Service was quick
Pricey
Pretty good chicken sandwich. Place was busy.
Was so good went twice already worth the wait
My kids love this fast food
Line-up was long but food and service was good 👍
Great food good service good prices
Friendly staff, good food. What else do you need?
Nice food but too political
Good food with long wait times
Great for lunch with friends 😊
good service friendly and delicious food
A nice chicken joint.
Love their food 😍
Great
Good value
Good
Ambience is good
tasty  chicken and fries

I ordered the chicken
Underwhelming.
First timer.
Friendly service, good food.

Chiken borger
"I have recently had a fantastic experience at this fast-food spot with my kid. We tried the kids' meal, which my child absolutely loved. It was just the right size and healthy too, making it a great option for young diners. We also attended their ""Adopt a Cow"" event, which turned out to be a blast. The event was well-organized, fun, and educational, providing an enjoyable activity for children.

One of the highlights of our visit was definitely the potato fries. They were super crispy and had a fun waffle shape that added an extra element of enjoyment to the meal. Additionally, this place offers a great selection of chicken sandwiches, all made with high-quality ingredients and really tasty. Each bite was delicious and satisfying.

It’s worth noting that it does get pretty crowded in the evenings. Despite the crowd, the staff are always friendly and efficient, ensuring that the service remains top-notch. The busy atmosphere is a testament to the popularity of the place and the quality of the food they serve.

Overall, this fast-food spot is an excellent choice for a family meal. The engaging events, delicious food, and friendly service make it a go-to destination for both kids and adults. Whether you're stopping by for a quick meal or attending one of their fun events, you're sure to have a great time."
I have never been to a Chick-fil-A before, and I have to say... the food was actually really good.  The spicy chicken salad was actually a little on the spicy side.  The dip for the fries was really, and the waffle fries were cool and huge.  The servers were very 'on the ball'.  I even had to get a fork for my salad, and the young worker brought it right to the table for me.  He even gave us wet wipes and extra sauce.  I was very impressed.
"We were heading home and saw this Chick-fil-A, so we decided to stop for a quick bite. There are only a few Chick-fil-A locations in Canada, mostly in Toronto, but I believe this Kitchener location is one of the original ones.

Their chicken burgers are delicious, especially the spicy one. The sauces are yummy—definitely try them all and find your favourite. 😉 Their waffle fries were a highlight (my daughter loved them!❣️)—crispy on the outside and soft inside, just like you’d hope for. Everything was served quickly, even though it was busy.

The tables were clean, and the staff were friendly. It was a great stop on our way home."
The server was incredible. Friendly, polite, helpful, great young guy called Noah. The food was spot on, waffle fries perfect, burger great, and the sweet tea too. Same as the sauce. All round, a great experience. Parking was plentiful and free, and it was decent value.
"My roommates and I recently went shopping and decided to stop by Chick-fil-A in Kitchener. This turned out to be a fantastic choice! We all absolutely loved the food, and I must say, Chick-fil-A exceeded our expectations in every way.

First and foremost, the chicken sandwich was simply outstanding. The chicken was perfectly cooked, tender, and juicy, with a delightful crispy coating that made every bite a pleasure. We've tried chicken sandwiches at various places, but Chick-fil-A's version truly stands out as the best we've had so far.
The waffle potatoes were another highlight of our meal. They were perfectly seasoned and crispy on the outside, while soft and fluffy on the inside. These waffle fries were so addictive that we couldn't stop munching on them throughout our meal.

We also decided to try their milkshake, and it was the perfect sweet treat to round off our meal. It was creamy, rich, and full of flavor, making it an ideal complement to the savory items we ordered.

One thing that puzzled us, though, was the connection of cows with Chick-fil-A. We saw a lot of cow-themed marketing materials and slogans like ""Eat Mor Chikin,"" which we found amusing but slightly confusing. After a quick search, we learned that Chick-fil-A uses cows in their advertising to humorously encourage people to eat chicken instead of beef. This clever and quirky marketing strategy definitely added to the charm of our experience.

Overall, our visit to Chick-fil-A in Kitchener was delightful. The food quality, friendly staff, and unique marketing made it a memorable dining experience. We highly recommend trying their chicken sandwich, waffle fries, and milkshake if you haven't already. We can't wait to return for another delicious meal!"
This place is impressive! It is not like your typical fast food “restaurant” (aka. takeout place) at all. We were served quickly because there was plenty of staff. The pricing was akin to McDonald’s but the quality of the food was significantly better. The staff brought the food right to our table. While we were waiting, a Tuesday night bingo game begun and many people in the restaurant participated. A man in a cow mascot costume walked around the restaurant for a while - much to the delight of my 1 year old. The manager saw how happy the cow mascot made my toddler, so she gave her a little cow plushie to take home. What we thought would be a quick stop in for food turned into a really memorable experience. We will definitely be back!
One of the few restaurants to taste this brand in Canada. I've lately tried chicken burgers and this is one of my favorites if not the most. The spicy one is nice and the service, although usually busy, is pretty good. They have cherry coke! and some tea with lemonade which is a nice option as well. The sauces they have are delicious, try them all and choose your favorite! Once your order is placed, you receive a thing/flag to put on your table, you need to give your name first, then choose a table and a couple of minutes later the order is brought to your table by a waiter/waitress who first asked for your name. Yes, a number would be easier but having your name maybe makes you feel more personal? I don't know. I like it either way. The tables are always clean and the staff is super friendly.
i’ve never had chick fil a before, today that changed. i ordered the best spicy sandwich with fries and i barely got sauce. then a young lady comes my way and read my mind and said “do you need more chick fil a sauce” mhmmm yes for sure. this is what made my day. thank you again lizzy🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
"I just came here to echo the other reviews.. It was my first time at this restaurant and I was thoroughly impressed!  It is not your typical fast food joint.
The young lady who served our group was very nice, answered our questions and was patient. The food arrived quickly and it was very tasty.
Also, two different dining room attendants checked in on us to make sure we were happy and had all we needed. I'll definitely visit again."
"It was my first time trying Chick-fil-A and I must say what an amazing fast food experience!
Walking in to a busy store we thought we would be waiting quite some time, however this was not the case! They had employees going through the line with tablets taking orders to make ordering quick and efficient.
To further impress, the speed of service!
We sat down and not even 30 seconds later, our food had arrived.
The food was hot and fresh, with the taste that will blow your taste buds away!
The restaurant itself was clean and well maintained. To top off such an excellent experience,  I noticed on my bill that my price was reduced when I removed the ingredients I did not like. As a picky eater, I much appreciated this! As the toppings are included in the price when you remove them, they also reflect the price.
Certainly will be returning and telling everyone I know about this wonderful experience! Thank you again for such a wonderful experience!"
"First time to chick fil a . Have heard people talking about it in the states.
It was a great experience.  The place is clean and is nice for sine in. Good choices on the menu and lots of dipping sauces. Very budget friendly."
I think I just found my favourite "chicken " place. Extremely delicious 🤤 and service was 10/10 + bonus: service with a smile. I would like the management know about the outstanding service received from Swarnala ( sorry I might of wrote the name wrong) Can’t wait to return in order to try the other dishes.
My experience here was incredible 🤩 The food is so well prepared 💯💯 The staff are so nice and welcoming 👍👍 They were also very patient with my husband who sometimes has a difficult time at hearing.👴 The dining room was super clean as well! 🧼 Once we took a seat we were greeted by a lovely young woman named Emma. She came around to our table several times to check up on us and refill our drinks. 🥤 Her friendless didn’t go unnoticed. ☺️ But it wasn’t until she held the door for myself and my husband and told us to have a wonderful night that made realize that I need to write a review! 💯 The service that we got made it feel like an upscale dine in restaurant rather than a fast food chain.❤️ We will definitely be back soon!👍👍
Chick fill A is the only fast food place I really enjoy, it's food is really good. I noticed this location had a pretty steep dive down in service quality about two years ago but as long as she has been here, Alexia has always been great. Every time my girlfriend and I are helped by Alexia we drive away happy, she gives the best service at this location and this review is long overdue. She is very friendly, helpful and competent, when we are helped by her we never have to repeat ourselves and never need to worry about mistakes in the order and we always get service with a smile. Alexia makes this location worth coming to.
Drove an hour to get to Chik Fil A, We've been before, and thought  it was the best chicken sandwich we've had at any fast food restaurant.  I like  the Spicy.  Waffle fries are great as well. Staff and friendly, and polite.  An employee came to the table to see if everything was okay, and to see if we would like drink refills.  As long as there is no Chik Fil A closer to us, we'll just have to drive..
Best fast food chicken you will ever have! Their shakes are really good. The lemonades are great if you like lemonades that is a little more on the tart side. I didn’t really like the grilled chicken sandwich, but everything else is good. Enjoy!
"Friendly quick service.
Nice cow mascot.
Food was very good as well, not overly greasy.
It was also brought out to the table with minimal wait and keeping crowding down at the order counter.
They even offered and brought mints to the tables as they saw people finishing their meals."
Jelena and Maddy were perfect from start to finish.  My order making experience was handled with care and making sure I was happy with my order by covering all options very efficiently.  On the other end receiving my order was just as stellar. Clearly well trained and fantastic employees.  👏🏻  Well done
We’ve been here a couple time but through the drive thru! Today we went in to eat, what a great experience, staff was super friendly, they had an employee in the floor giving out mints and offering refills.  My husband’s sandwich was made incorrectly and they fixed it right away!!! Amazing service and all the staff seemed happy to be working!!!
Beautiful location. Great pit stop for those traveling on I-69 or I-75 near Flint, MI. Lots of parking. Easy to find. Service was fast and accurate even with a packed restaurant inside and out. Bathrooms are also really nice.
"I’ve had Chick-fil-A in the U.S. so I knew what to expect - I’m glad there was no compromise on quality or service at the new Kitchener location.

Drive through line was wrapped around the cinema, and even at that, it was only a 20 minute wait.

The nuggets and chicken strips are much smaller than what you expect at a fast food place. That said, it’s better. Just keep your expectations in check.

The Chick-fil-A Deluxe sandwich was perfect. All white meat and juicy.

Waffle fries taste like fresh cut potatoes. Perfect.

I really look forward to going back!"
Amazing fast food option. Chicken sandwiches are delicious, and the fries are great. Service is fast, clean interior.
I recently visited Chick-fil-A and had a wonderful experience. The food was incredibly tasty and fresh, living up to the high standards they are known for. The staff were exceptionally friendly, making the visit even more enjoyable. It's clear that customer service is a top priority for them. Highly recommend!
The chicken here is amazing! I've been to other locations and they haven't been as good as this place! I also love how they serve you your meal if you choose to have a sit down.... You can't go wrong here.
Recently went to Chick Fil A and had an amazing experience. Service was very sweet and kind led by Surpreet(captain of accountability). Food came out perfectly and service was prompt despite how busy the store is. Amazing restaurant and the fresh flowers are a great touch.
"I recently visited Chic-fil-A and had an amazing experience. The restaurant is conveniently located in Kitchener, right across from the CF Fairview Park Mall, making it easily accessible. As soon as I walked in, I was impressed by the spacious interior and the warm and friendly staff.

During my visit, I had the pleasure of chatting with the owner, who was incredibly friendly and passionate about providing a great dining experience. Now, let's talk about the food. The burgers at Chic-fil-A were absolutely delicious. They were cooked to perfection, juicy, and packed with flavor. But what truly stole the show for me were the waffle-shaped fries. Crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside, they were a delightful accompaniment to the meal. And let's not forget about the honey mustard sauce, which added a tangy and savory twist to every bite.

To satisfy my sweet tooth, I couldn't resist trying their thick and creamy milkshake. It was the perfect balance of sweetness and richness, leaving me completely satisfied. What impressed me the most about Chic-fil-A was the affordability of their menu. Despite offering high-quality food, the prices were reasonable, making it an excellent choice for a satisfying meal.

Based on my experience, I highly recommend trying out Chic-fil-A. I've been here multiple times now and each visit has been consistently fantastic. I would rate them 9 out of 10, and I encourage them to keep up the good work. Whether you're a burger enthusiast or simply looking for a delicious and affordable dining option, Chic-fil-A is definitely worth a visit."
First time to chick-fil-a. When walked in line up was to the door, thought it was going to be a long wait. But an employee came to take are order while we were in line. Got to cash, gave my name, paid and sat at a table with a table marker, within 1min food was delivered. Total time from walking in to getting are food was less the 6 mins and our food was hot and delicious.
Best Chicken Sandwich around.  Never disappoints.  Just be prepared for a little wait as they are busy all times of the day. The wait is well worth it.
The service was outstanding. The food was amazing and Davis really outshined every other Chickfil-A I had been to in the province of Ontario. If you want a good day, go to this Chick-Fil-ARE
"First time trying Click-Fil-A - was very excited for this location to open. I was really impressed with how organized it was, despite how busy it was, the wait was only about a half-hour.

The order taking process was great, the staff were friendly and fast. The order was accurate.

I ordered a variety of items, a few sandwiches, nuggets, and salad.  Everything was fresh, and tasted delicious. The milkshakes we're great, and the Sunjoy tea/lemonade was delicious!

I'll be back again soon, maybe once the line-up slows down a bit. 😀"
Always a pleasant experience here. The food is delicious. Our favourite is the Spicy Deluxe and their lemonade. The Chicken is tender and juicy. Staff is courteous and friendly. Dining space is neat and tidy. Love this place. Our family favourite.
First time here and I'm very impressed. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Food was great and the chick fil a sauce was great. Even had someone come by the table and ask how things were and gave us wet naps and mints. Would definitely recommend!
Chick fil a. I don’t care how you feel about the politics and the beliefs of the owner. They are killing it with the food and service. The restaurant is always clean and up beat when I visit. Food is always fresh and I have never had cold fires here. I don’t know how they do it. Cambridge Centre is getting its own location which is closer to me and I have no doubt that location will be just as good. Yes it’s closed on Sundays. Overall I always enjoy my visits to this location. Also shout out to David I believe who was one of the host walking around the dining room making sure everyone had everything they needed. Very friendly.
"First trip to Chick-fil-A

Exceptional customer service and a great new building.

Food was prepared quickly and was enjoyable. Perhaps I had higher expectations based on the craze.

Willing to give it another try."
Really expected this place to be way overhyped and just a basic food chain but it is actually really good. The food is great, their sauce is incredible, and what really makes them stand out from other fast food chains is their consistently outstanding service.
Great service. Attendants in line ready to take your order and speed up the process. Chicken was very good.  Waffle fries were good too.  I'd recommend the half and half lemonade and iced tea as an accompanying drink.  Happy to refill your cup
Tasty chicken nuggets and nice moo signs with painting cow! They also do Moo Bingo!
First chick-fil-a experience here and loved it! service was so kind and they said my pleasure omg. sweet tea was really not what i was expecting it to be, but I really like the sun joy. chicken is always super tender and sauces are great. my faves are chick-fil-a sauce and spicy sriracha. waffle fries are also soooo goood
I have never been to chick-fil-a and wow all my expectations were exceeded. it felt clean and toilets and tables were clean, staff were super friendly and happy to help. 10/10 would recommend
Wallahi my cro chic fil is sick. Balled up before i went in and manz were marved. Copped a likkle 1 2 azz chicken sandwich with nuggets. Bro i started floating. On gee the food here is bless. The chic fil a sauce is even better styll. The polynesian sauce go burrrrrrrrrr 🥶🥶🥶. Trust mi bare ratings. Best chicken sandwich around. Waffle fries go dummy mode. Staff mad friendly styll. 10/10. One of my favourite places to eat.
Incredible and efficient service. Coming here with my family was a good, clean experience and we all enjoyed the food and service. A bit pricey for a sandwich, but who's to expect cheap prices with the ridiculous inflation anyways.
My experience at Chick-fil-A Kitchener was something I will never forget. Recently, I had a coupon for a free meal and I naturally assumed it to be a simple and basic Chicken Burger, no combos, no drinks, no fries, no add-ons, just the most basic meal. I was very pleasantly surprised when I was informed that I could choose any meal on the menu and make it a combo all at no cost. The meal was so delicious and I would highly recommend the Chick-fil-A Sauce which was makes my mouth water just thinking about it! Another thing that made my time very pleasant was there was a really nice server walking around to all the tables asking if there was anything we needed and giving us free mints (which were very delicious by the way)! All in all, my experience at Chick-fil-A Kitchener was something I will never forget and I am super excited to go back whenever I can!
Today was the first time I visited ChickfilA in Kitchener and the service was really good. Pughal welcomed me into the store with a huge smile and helped me decide on my order. He was fun and friendly, and we chatted about a lot of things, which made my day. The food was really good, and the fries were fresh.
"Other than the fact that its always busy and that they have limited choices. Everything else is really good. Highly recommend their milk shakes and Spicy Deluxe sandwiches.

And a bonus for dine-in, you get mint candy most of the time. The candy does taste more like toothpaste 😂 but does the job it’s meant to do!!

Their Signature sauce’Chick-fil-A Sauce’ is the best sauce in the whole bunch, goes well with their waffle potato fries. They have driv-thru too."
"Juicy chicken sandwiches! Great sauce collection! Different drink options! Refill!

Comfy seats!

Compensated for late order with a gift card of a free sandwich (four options)! We didn't recognize that food was late 😄 but we appreciated their honesty and enjoyed the extra sandwich 😀"
Very good, just right. Not greasy and good value for the price. Had a spicy and a regular sandwich with nuggets. The spicy is a good amount of heat and the regular had a great taste. Love the Chick-fil-A dipping sauce. And this was opening day so they were under pressure and did great.
Tried their spicy southwest salad, a perfect balance of texture and flavours!! The drive-thru service was efficient and well-organized. The wait time was minimal!!
Today I walked in with the sadness face. Then I had a very good interaction with a young lady by the name of LIZZY. She had the best attitude and the kindest soul. This is the best service I’ve ever had and all of a sudden I’m not sad anymore. I would like to say this is the best experience of my life and now I will be coming back for sure honeyyy!!!!
The best chicken sandwich in town. Very tasty chicken, the waffle fries are crispy and the shakes are thick and delicious. I was very pleasantly surprised with their sauce selection instead of standard ketchup and mayo (all of them were good).
My favourite chain fried chicken place. The chicken gets the same amount of crisp as other places like Popeyes without having to overload on the breading. Fries were a let down though as they were a bit soft. The atmosphere and staff are also better than most traditional table service restaurants as well.
The best chicken sandwich in the area, I tried this restaurant many times during this month, it was always excellent, highly recommend Chick-fil-A, it’s really very delicious..
"I had my very first visit to Chick-fil-A, and it was such a delightful experience! Ekam, who took our orders was incredibly kind and welcoming. She took our orders with a smile, and to top it off, she surprised us by coming to our table with some delicious cookies. What a sweet lady! Her exceptional service made our first Chick-fil-A visit truly memorable.

★★★★- The chicken sandwich itself was tasty but I was hoping slightly bigger size of chicken.

★★★★- The waiting line was so long it was back up to the entrance door (It was the lunch peak time) but the store managed to take orders in the line to shorten the wait line.

We’ll come back the next time we visit the city 😊🍪"
We have never been to this restaurant before until now… before the food….the staff were simply amazing!   ,   The food was out of this world!    Tasty and very delicious as for our peach milkshake I could have drank a gallon of it !
First Time ever to Chik-fil-a. It was great. There was a young man name Puqazh. Such a kind gentleman. Very attentive to all the customers around him. Thank’s. Also the Peach Milkshake was awesome. The only thing I is you need a little more verity other then just chicken sandwiches. 👍
Every time we ran out of table salt, we would come to chick-fil-A and order a small waffle fries. We would take the waffle home and hang it on the kitchen top. Everyday we cook, we would just shake the waffles and the included free salt would rain like snow in Christmas. Thank you Chick-fil-A for your generous free salt ! Come to Chick-fil-A and order your year worth of free salt only at the low cost of $3.99 (free ketchup also included)
"They forgot my bacon but I still loved it! Went after snowboarding and had two spicy deluxes. Did not regret it one bit!

Edit: had their Cobb salad this week and it was surprisingly pretty good! Although they did forget my waffle fries when they first gave me my order."
Despite the long line, I ordered and received my food quite quickly. There was a staff member who came around to see if I needed anything and was very helpful. This was my first time dining in and it was a great experience!
If you want to experience the sit down restaurant feel but you only have fast food money LOL this is the place for you! They have excellent service. Lines move fast. I highly recommend the chicken nuggets, and cookie milkshake! Super good!
"The chicken is fresh and juicy and delicious. The fries are also special. He has a lot of dipping sauces to choose from to make the meal even more delicious.
Im very like it"
Nice location. Food was a little slow for an online order. But at least it was hot n fresh when it was ready. Friendly staff. Very clean.
We were extremely impressed by the friendliness of the cashier, the speed of the food being ready, the service, the cleanliness of the place, etc. We were checked on to see if we had everything or need anything. Other fast food restaurants should take note: This is how it is done right.
"Love this place!  Whole family enjoys going here.
Bathroom code to enter is a bit of headache though, didnt work on 1 of 2 doors/stalls.  Otherwise awesome place, great burgers, shakes and fries!"
My baby girl loved it. Fresh and juicy. Great service 👍🏻. Was definitely worth the wait. Chick-fil-a sauce was the best. Heaven on bun.
Food and service is always amazing but today was top notch! Davis was very kind and  professional and attentive thank you Davis for the amazing service
Myself.  Wife and Mother-in-law.  Mother-in-law ordered 3 items, each one was wrong.  Wife was happy with her meal.  I ordered the market salad, it was Great!  It took 30mins plus to get food, but for a Saturday at dinner the place was Rockin.   Go during the week, before supper,  this will ensure a more expedited meal.   Best of luck!
"Very nice place with friendly service. While we're eating, Daniel (employee) came to our table to check if we needed anything else.
Great food. They have parking and they also have a table service if your meal is not ready.
My son wanted to buy their special sauce and they have is for sale. You just need to ask when placing your order."
"My first time ever here it was absolutely fantastic! Super friendly staff, I love how they have attendance in the drive-through to actually personally talk to you!
The food was fantastic!
This place is A++++"
I had the pleasure of being served by Veronika during my recent visit to Chick-fil-a, and I must say, her exceptional service truly stood out. She cared enough to make sure I had everything with my food and made sure to greet me with a warm smile that immediately made me feel welcome. She went above and beyond to make my experience truly wonderful. Thank you Veronika for your excellent customer service and I'll be sure to visit sometime soon again!
Everything was great! Food was all delicious, but the nuggets were really small. Excellent and very quick service!
My husband and I visited today which was opening day and even though there was a long line up it was very organized and the service was excellent. We got the spicy chicken deluxe meal with waffle fries, a 12 piece chicken nugget with Polynesian sauce & chick fil a sauce and Iced coffee. Chicken was really juicy and was worth the wait!
Food was delicious.  easily the best chicken sandwich.  Nothing was greasy, or tasted old and reheated.  Waffle fries were great, so was the drinks.
great food! friendly people as well, service was fast although it was jam packed!  chick-fil-A  is one of my favorite places to eat!
Excellent service. Having two greeters actually in the drive through amd not behind a screen was great and they were super quick and polite. Then order deliveey at pick up window was polite and personable.
WORTH IT!! My first time here was actually months or maybe even a year after they had opened and to my surprise the drive through was as busy as opening day. I had heard about the good things about this restaurant, specifically the excellent customer service, food and environment and know I understand why that is true. I tried their chicken sandwich and to say it was “amazing” is an understatement. It was fresh, juicy, and the bun truly glistened without the need of an oily mess. And not to mentioned it had all the good qualities that a high quality burger would have which absolutely smashes other fast food chains like McDonald’s or Burger King and even some actual restaurants. I also tried the chicken tenders and though the 4 pieces were quite small the taste takes away from that fact. I tried the chick-fil-a sauce and that was also worth the compliments people had given it as it was savoury and well balanced. I also tried their vanilla milkshake and that is how a good milkshake is supposed to taste, not to thick or sweet, and made of pure ingredients. I’ve been to a lot of restaurants in my life but if you’re in the area you need to come down and try it for yourself. Not to mention the exceptional customer service they had, realizing the lines were getting long inside the store, which was clean and good looking an employee had came up to me and started taking my order and was well educated about her menu and was friendly. Overall a truly amazing service and they definitely earned themselves a returning customer! Nice work guys!
Enjoyed the original and spicy chicken sandwiches. That milkshake was thick and delish. Too bad we have to drive an hour for the nearest location.
Convenient location across the mall & next to the Cineplex. Relatively quick despite how busy they might be. Orders will be brought to the table when dining in. There is parking lot for parking.
Chick-fil-A consistently delivers delicious food with exceptional service. Their chicken sandwiches are a must-try, and their commitment to cleanliness and efficiency makes dining there a pleasure.
This is the only Chick-fil-A  in Kitchener-Waterloo and I can say it’s one of the best fast food I ever had! Some of the burgers are delicious, Freshly made & flavourful. Recommend the “Spicy Deluxe Sandwich w/ Natural Cheddar” Some of the Burgers can be a bit pricey!
If you're craving a chicken  sandwich, Chick-fil-a is where it is at. I waited an hour on the first day it was open! So it's worth it. The lemonade, oreo shake, peach shake and fries are so good. Don't forget the chick-fil-a sauce, Polynesian sauce, BBQ sauce and honey roasted BBQ are my faves, but try all of them!! I always get the spicy deluxe chicken sandwich or the grilled chicken club sandwich. It really depends on what you're in the mood for. The Monterey jack with jalapeño cheese really makes the spicy deluxe!! I keep going back!!
"Place and Location are excellent
Food is excellent
Prices are acceptable
Parking is available"
I'm always so impressed with their chicken sandwich. The chicken is so flavourful and cooked perfectly. The waffle fries were very tasty and my meal was very reasonably priced.
Lakshimi was very kind and offered A1 customer service. When I walked in she immediately greeted me and helped me out. Then when I was seated continued to help me out. 10/10 thank you Lakshimi.
Drive thru line takes a little while to pass through, but what an excellent customer service! No vegetarian entrée options, but their waffle fries with their signature Chick-Fil-A sauce were THEEEE best! I also ordered a side salad, which was extremely fresh and tasty with their avocado ranch dressing. A must-try American restaurant for sure!
The staff was very friendly excellent there chicken burgers excellent recomend to everyone you must go and try you wont regret it you will regret it if you dont go staff outstanding had a great time
"Food amazing!
Service was fabulous! I wish I could give 6 stars..  for a fast food chain this is a 5 Star class service !

I am definitely repeating !"
Quick & efficient staff. Great customer service! Always a positive experience here, both drive through & dine in 👌🏻
"The place is easily accessible and there's a lot of seating area inside & outside the restaurant.
The staff are friendly and approachable.
Easy to place the order and upgrade anything as you like.
Ordered 'Spicy Deluxe Sandwich' meal with chicken soup and freshly brewed sweetened iced tea. It was delicious and totally worth the money 💰.
Would definitely visit again."
I had a great experience in June sitting in a clean patio where my food was served to me at the table with specifically the excellent customer service, food and environment. I tried their deluxe chicken sandwich because i like it spicy (it was not spicy 🙄 it was soft). It was fresh, juicy, and the bun was good but the chicken was oily but it is what is and how its made so its fine. It was filling and the meal with it with fries and sauce with milk shake is good.  . I tried the chick-fil-a sauce and that was also worth the compliments people had given it as it was savoury and well balanced. I also tried their vanilla milkshake and that is how a good milkshake is supposed to taste, not to thick or sweet, and made of pure ingredients. Overall a truly amazing service and they definitely earned themselves a returning customer! Nice work guys!
Great visit for dinner tonight, Navaneeth did a stellar job. Ensured not only the quality of food but overall experience was above and beyond. Wish more restaurants had employees like him, they really make the difference
Best place in KW for chicken sandwiches and chicken nuggets!!! I will stop by every time I drive by!!! No question asked!! There customer service is second to none!! Welcome to KW !!! This is real thing!! Not that cheap nuggets and sandwiches from the competition!!
Great food! My son was SUPER excited to try it as we don’t have one back home. He was not disappointed. Chicken is SO good!
"Glad to have Chick-Fil-A in KW! Love their food when we travel to the states.

Our fav is the spicy chicken burger!"
Chick-fil-a is well worth it, chicken is good, waffles fries are really good, just the right amount of salt on the waffle fries. Spicy chicken deluxe is where it’s at although I tried it with sweet and spicy Sriracha and didn’t but the same as where I normally put chick fil a sauce on it. Also you must try chick fil a sauce with your fries,
So awesome to have a Chick-fil-A in KW. Best fried chicken around. I'm not a big fan of the waffle fries but everything else they have is awesome
I am constantly blown away by the service at this place.  I feel like I'm dining out when I'm just grabbing a very reasonably priced and delicious meal, complete with the irresistible eponymous sauce.  They came around and offered drink refills, a post-lunch mint, and a hand towlette.  It's the little things like that and "How may I serve you", "It's my pleasure".  I mean, it's as if they're thrilled that I am there. Washrooms are spotless.  Drive-through is extraordinarily efficient. And the food needs no review - it's famously good.  WOW excellent job, Chic-fil-A.
Best fast food customer service with great food.
I have been to this location several times since it opened, and have always had an excellent experience. The food is always fantastic and the service is always wonderful.
Top notch service added to my delicious meal.chick fil a sauce was extra ordinary.will come back soon for sure.
Love this restaurant! Service is quick and the food is great.
Omg so this was my first time to Chick-fil-A, I didn't know what to expect or order. The girl asked me some questions and recommended the number two. I was not disappointed this food was so good. I really can't recommend it enough I had the waffle fries with the Chick-fil-A dip, and a lemonade. I will be back for sure this maybe my new favorite Spot.
We had an amazing time at the Pirates and Mermaids night! The Atmosphere was fantastic, and my children had a blast searching for treasure. Micha, one of the team members, truly went above and beyond to ensure our experience was enjoyable. He provided helpful hints and was incredibly approachable, kind, and patient with my kids. They were absolutely thrilled! Huge thanks to Chick-Fil-A Kitchener for such a wonderful event!
It's always a great day when you have Chick-Fil-a!! Amazing employees and spectacular food all around!!
"Chick fil a consistently has such great customer service and fresh food, I’ve never had any issue here. It’s a great atmosphere.

I get the spicy deluxe combo and I put chick fil a sauce on the sandwich, it’s great. If you haven’t had it, it’s kind of like a honey mustard/bbq/mayo 3 way hybrid.

Overall really great, I’ll continue to return!"
I went here today for lunch with a friend. Our order took longer than expected. When we got our food the server apologized and cave us a coupon for a free meal the next time we come. As always the food was terrific I love the side salad with the creamy salsa dressing
If you like chicken this place is a must the cheddar chicken sandwich was delicious the waffle fries were very yummy definitely the place to go
"- the best fast-food service ever!
- they bring your order to your table (dine-in),
- my food was hot and fresh
- they continuously go around to see if anyone needs anything (drink refill, sauces, etc)
- very spacious and *clean*

Thank you, Lakshmi! I enjoyed my meal well! :’)"
I cant believe I never went here before. Some of the best service I have had. Best chicken Sammie I ever had. Go therr now. Cost me $33 for two meals and a cookie, not bad.
This location is always super busy but they are pretty good at getting orders out as quickly as possible and the food is always great.
Food was amazing and the costumer service was very good as well. Navaneeth was doing a great job making sure we got everything we need it.
"Service and atmosphere are superb here.
They set a real high bar for fast food there is no doubt."
"Chick-Fil-A is the best when compared to KFC, McD, Burger King, A&W.

Must try sauce’s : Chick Fil A Sauce and Honey Roasted BBQ Sauce"
First time trying and the staff were great and welcoming. Sandwiches were awesome especially the grilled chicken club. I tried an unsweetened tea with less ice and it was enjoyable!
It's great, food is always so fresh, staff is always nice and they keep things moving quickly. It can be pricey.
I brought my granddaughter here for her birthday lunch. From the moment we came in until we left it loved every moment. The staff is so gracious and friendly. Fresh flowers on the tables! And of course the food was delicious!!   It was unlike any fast food restaurant we’ve ever eaten at. I look forward to our next visit!
Came here for a usual afterwork fast food meal but received a good dining experience instead that went beyond the food itself. All thanks to Kalai for his warm and attentive service — something you wouldn’t expect a bit at a busy fast food location. He engaged in a conversation, extended help that we are pretty sure is out of his job’s scope, and overall, made us nothing but happy customers.
Chick-fil-a is well worth it, chicken is good, waffles fries are really good, just the right amount of salt on the waffle fries. Spicy chicken deluxe is where it’s at although I tried it with sweet and spicy Sriracha and didn’t but the same as where I normally put chick fil a sauce on it. Also you must try chick fil a sauce with your fries,
"The food has always been delicious but their original chicken sandwich is not my style. Their waffle fries and sauces keep me coming back and trying new items on their menu.

Staff are especially courteous and are willing to help in anyway reasonable.

Mobile ordering has been easy and accurate and leads to quick pick up times

The location draws in a younger crowd and leads to a more vibrant atmosphere.

It's a must try for chicken or waffle fry lovers but the 'famous' chicken sandwich shouldn't be your first meal in my opinion."
The food and service is excellent. Even when it's busy we never feel rushed, the staff is very kind and helpful. My kids love milkshakes. The Chick-fil-A sauce is so good.
I really enjoyed my visit to Chick-fil-A; the atmosphere was welcoming, and the staff were incredibly friendly and attentive.
"My family and I were not disappointed! All five of us agreed that it was worth the 45 minute drive to Chick-fil-A in Kitchener. Harjit, was very patient as we took our time ordering at the counter. He also confirmed our order to ensure it was accurate. We attempted to leave a gratuity however, it was politely declined. There was a large table that comfortably accommodated the whole family. Harjit came to check in on us and offered to refill our drinks and bring us extra dipping sauce!
The food was very good quality. It was delivered to our table hot and without a long wait. All five family members enjoyed a their combos all commenting that the sandwiches, waffle fries, sweet iced tea and dips were delicious. We are looking forward to our next visit!"
Simply love this location in town. Had tried Toronto but first time hit it in my town. The staff are absolutely friendly, the restaurant is spotless , and the seating area is very nice and comfortable. The chic fi a sauce is a must try.
Absolutely fantastic. I had the spicy chicken burger it was delicious and the location is a lot of fun.
Best fried chicken tastes so good. Real meat  that is tender but not fatty or greasy like others.
A welcoming with less people and much quicker to get food rather drive all the way to Toronto for the best chicken sandwich!  It also have a drive through with shelter provided heater during winter and fan during summer!
"So happy to have Chick-Fil-A in KW! No more driving an hour for a delicious chicken sandwich.

I've tried all the chicken sandwiches from the local restaurants like Popeyes, Mary Browns, KFC, McDonald's and Wendy's but Chick-fil-A is my favorite so far and I will be visiting more often now that they in town.

The Chick-fil-A sauce and the spicy deluxe chicken sandwich is amazing!

Was definitely worth the wait."
Great food. This place is definitely worth the wait and all the hype it gets. the food is hands down the best fast food in the GTA. the fries are delicious super flavour and honestly addicting. The ice in the drinks is something else too, if you’re a ice lover seriously ask for a cup of ice im not joking.
Chick-fil-A is absolutely worth the wait!! I had the deluxe chicken burger combo with their 🐔 sauce!  It's a maze inside but they are super organized.
You come here and you feel like it's a community spot for everyone. Consistently good food and great service always.
First time trying this place and it was amazing, especially this Kitchener location! The lady at the drive thru was so charming and patiently helped us decide our order. We went inside the restaurant and another staff member offered to refill our drink. The food was delicious! Don’t forget to try all the sauces! Excellent service & food!
Staff was really nice, code for the washroom was strange. Food was good, best fast food salad on the market
Pugazh was an amazing person to talk to and served us amazingly. Please promote instantly.
First time there - and won't be the last! Sandwich was well put together, fries were great - and the sauce is delish! Service was fast and friendly. Definitely recommend!
We really liked, servise is ultimate and all workers are so welcoming.
Friday night and extremely busy at 530pm.  Service was fast, and employees very attentive to serving and cleaning tables so no one had to wait. Chicken and waffle fries were hot, fresh, and delicious!
"Delicious chicken ! I'm gluten-free so I get the grilled nuggets. Consistently quality food , that's fast and friendly service.

Love this place, super yummy  ❣️

You've gotta try the Chick-fil-A sauce 😋"
Great service, specifically a worker named kalaivanan! He provided great service and was so welcoming. He also gave extra sauce, mints, sanitizing wipes and asked for refills while we were seated. Overall brought a smile to our faces and definitely made our day! :)
Been to this location twice. Great service each time. I’ve visited during lunch rush hour and they are super speedy! The staff is very kind. :)
"Chick-fil-A is amazing. The fries, sauce and burgers are so beyond great. This is the best fast food I’ve ever had! Everything tastes delicious, and the quality is consistent - it’s great every single time I’ve ate here.

The service is also great, everyone that works there is very friendly and goes above and beyond."
I only went through the drive through so I can speak to the dine in experience, but the spicy chicken sandwich and the spicy chicken tenders were fantastic. The chick-fil-A sauce is like a tangy mustard sauce and very good. I really enjoyed the service of the drive thru because they actually had staff walking the line and taking orders. It went very quickly.
We were dining in on Aug 30th around 9pm & The service we received was absolutely amazing. We were served right away, food came out to our table within 5 minutes. The best part was our server Jaimin who was walking around and asking guests if they need any extra sauce etc. His politeness and kindness made our visit so so special. He even went the extra mile and dropped off 2 candies to our table! Overall amazing food & even better service!!!!
Excellent customer service excellent food great time everyone should go
We just finished eating at the Kitchener location.  Food was good as it always is.  But I would like to give a special shout out for the excellent service from Gokul and Kalaivanan. These guys were very friendly and eager to help.  Thank you to both of you.
By far the most wonderful fast food experience I've had. Friendly customer service when taking my order, directed to have a seat for dine-in & was delivered my order accurately and within reasonable time. Even during our wait, we were offered by the table staff mints & wet naps for our convenience.
Great place to eat.   The nuggets are next level.   Service is always great.
Great food and the staff are very friendly and helpful. Love the waffle frys.  Me and my mom were just there and the chicken was cold and the buns also  not sure if we will be back we have had better service before
"First visit here was great. The chicken sandwich was really good. I also didn't realize I was missing waffle fries in my life.
The staff are much different than a regular fast food joint. They came around to the tables to ask if you needed anything. This was not out of boredom either. They were very busy. Also, they were not stingy on the sauces, which is a bonus in my books. I love my dipping sauce. Got a chick-fil-A sauce bottle for home. Great work Chick-fil-A team!"
"Second visit here.

The chicken isn't some mind blowing experience that you often read about before they finally arrived in Canada, but it's good.

The spicy chicken sandwich is good, breast is wider and thinner than competition (Popeyes/KFC/Mary Browns). To be honest, my 'Best Sandwich' rankings to be interchangeable based on whichever one was freshest the last time I had one.

Spicy Tenders were ok, more salty than spicy though. Filet sauce is good (Honey Mustard Aioli). Waffle fries aren't my preferred cut of fried potato, but I do really like these.

Fantastic beverage selection, with the usual Coke products as well as sweetened and diet versions of fresh Iced Tea and lemonade.

I ate in the restaurant and service is where they definitely set themselves apart. Staff all seemed genuinely happy to be there, and the franchise owner/operator was who brought my food to me at my seat. Twice a staff member came to my table and asked if I'd like a refill on my drink or if I needed any additional sauce.

I don't eat much 'fast food' but if I do have a craving then I'll definitely be back."
